 hey how are you ? my names jeff i study law	great ! my name is bob , and i am 35 and unmarried . i teach .	 where do you teach and what subject ?	high school japanese and classes for drawing . been doing it 10 years .	 that is awesome , if you are in chicago sometime we should meet up .	please do not make fun of the way i say hippopotamus when we do !	 i will try not too , are you in to tennis ?	no , because of my thick accent . my dog likes tennis though	 we should all get together and play sometime , what accent ?	i am unable to tell you my dogs name were both japanese though .	 i would pet your dog !	i would let you , i get tired of doing it because he stinks .	 he needs a bath ! i am just reading a mystery novel right now though .	i love historical biographies about the american and french revolutions myself .	 i visited france once after reading about it in a book , amazing city !	me too ! i went to versailles and everything . i love french gardens !
 hi , how are you ?	hey , i am good you ?	 oh not bad , think i am gonna have to fire someone down at the consulting agency	oh well if it were me i would try to make it a joke	 yah , my husband said the same thing , gosh he is wonderful !	i only love 2 things my 3 cats and candy	 indeed ! i would not know what to do without my two small dogs !	my cats over heat in my honda while i deliver packages	 eww ! i do not take my dogs many places because they hate radiohead ! can you believe it ?	wow that is funny i am told i look funny delivering packages	 that is funny ! good job i would imagine !	yes hope your dogs like radio head soon
hi ! have any kids ? i do ! four daughters .	no i do not . i do not have time for kids	 what do you do for a living ? have any hobbies ?	i am a lawyer . i went to harvard . no major hobbies though	 i race fast cars to make a living ! dangerous but fun !	well it is better than most people . hopefully you make good money	 i also love to fish . it can be relaxing and a nice time .	too smelly . i would rather someone catch fish for me	 we have family game night . we like to play games . like board games .	oh okay . are you rich ? i only associate with rich people	 yes they can be smelly ! i do not like cleaning them !	gross . i would rather go out to eat	 yes of course i am ! i am pretty popular in the race world .	oh good . how do you feel about taxes ?	 i love going out to eat . whats your favorite kinds of food ?	steak , lobster , caviar . anything really expensive
 hello	hey ! what do you like to do for fun ?	 i love watching romance movies	those are pretty good to watch when you are single .	 i cant get a girl to like me	i am single as well . i am trying to get better at piano to impress them .	 i cant concentrate too . . . always daydreaming at work	have you tried to do anything to fix that ?	 i do not know . i am a slacker	exercise can help , i paddle board to help keep me grounded .	 i should try to get out more	getting out is good ! try paddle boarding sometime .	 thanks i will	what do you do for work ?
 how are you doing today	i am doing well today , what do you do professionally ?	 i like to garden and stuff	i like to spend time with my family whenever i can	 my family is not as close	that is understandable , i am actually married with two lovely children	 that would be nice . my parents are different .	because of my daughters i studied to be a pediatrician	 why is that because of them	they were premature , the doctors were amazing with the whole family	 that would be so nice for you to be able to help	it really is . what do you like to do in your spare time ?	 i love to spend time with animals	that is very fun , when i can i like to go to the lanes and bowl .	 do you like to bowl a lot	i do , i bring my family along , the girls love to bowl . do you own any pets ?
 good morning off to basketball game	morning . i am off shopping with friends after brunch .	 eggs are the best for brunch	they truly are . one of these days , i am going to have to learn how to cook .	 yes what is your food would you like to cook	i do not cook at all , so i will start with the basics .	 maybe a simple meal like a small brunch .	oh , i do not know . i am more interested in getting my bmw paid off right now .	 yes i want to purchase a new car a different color than black	mine is purple . next time , i am getting a pink maclaren .	 that seem nice that car seem to be nice in black	i like mine to have original colors .
 hi , how are you doing ?	i am doing good and u	 i am doing well . playing a game of pool with my friends	pool is fun to play	 yeah , my friends say i am quite excellent at it . do you have a job ?	i bake out of my home bc i am a stay at home mom	 i love the style i am an art teacher at a middle school	that is cool i am not into art	 its not for everyone . neither are unicorns , but they are for me !	that cool just like baking anit for everyone	 if you could see anyplace in the world , where would you go ?	i would like to go alaska	 cool . i want to visit and explore around the pyramids myself	that really cool to know
 hi how are you today	great how are you doing today ?	 i am alright do you ever run ?	no , not really , but i do like to travel . what about you ?	 sometimes . i go in my red car	what kind of red car is it ?	 a real fast one ! you got a car ?	no , actually i have a blimp . . .	 oh where do you work ?	toronto , in a medical facility .	 in your blimp ? sounds rad	maybe i can add some other steampunk elements to it ; but i have not worked out the engineering . . .	 do you like any music ?	i like heavy metal music
hey what is up how are you	great ! just taking a break from practicing shooting some hoops	 oh do you like sports ?	i am a professional basketball player	 wow who do you play for ?	the minnesota wolves . i am filthy rich .	 did you know 2pac when he was alive ?	nah , i wish i did . he was brilliant	 i love his music . what music do you like ?	rap and r b . they are the best	 wow me too . favorite song ?	keep ya head up by tupac actually	 nice mine is california love	very nice . where did you go to school ?	 i dropped out and now i live off my parents	oh ! i attended north carolina u
 hello ! i hope you are having a nice night . . . or day , if you live around the globe !	i am , i am from alabama so it is night here . you ?	 i am from indiana . my dad lives in china for work though .	what does your dad do ? my mom works at a grocery store as a checker .	 he is in banking . its all more than i understand . what do you like to do ?	i love listening to music . what is your favorite song ?	 i also love music ! kingdom come by coldly is my favorite for now	nice , i do not know my favorite , but i hate sweet home alabama .	 i bet that gets old ! i like music that i can run to	i do not run much . . . . . except for that one time recently .	 i ran track for school . what was that one time ? so mysterious .	i saw the easter bunny , he was hidden behind my closet door .	 spooky . . . my dog would go ballistic at that . do you have an easter bunny phobia ?	i do now . it was terrifying .	 i bet . i would never close that closet again .	yeah , most people do not believe me , but i know what i saw .
 hello there , do you have any plans for the weekend ?	hey there how are you ? i do i have 2 classes today to instruct .	 what subjects do you teach ?	yoga , i think i am going to take my pets today .	 oh animals are my favorite tell me about your pets ?	2 chiuahuahs , libby an billy . you got any ?	 i do . a big rescue mutt named lucy	cool , i wanted to go to the beach an grab seashells but irma no no	 you are not in the path of danger i hope ?	no not anymore , i had to move my horses too it was very stressful	 i bet . i am lucky to be a bit far north for hurricanes	yes me also , i thank god for my sons helping me out .
hi , how are you today ?	feeling kind of nerdy , you ?	 i am good . waiting on my two boys to get home .	i am not tall , are they ?	 no , they are about average .	i also have a really big face and body , do they ?	 no , they are very average . do you have any hobbies ?	i love to learn about everything , you ?	 i love cross country and basketball .	did you know michael jordan was really good at basketball ?	 i did . he is from nc , same state i am from .	that is cool . i wish i could play but i do not think i am tall enough .	 what do you do for fun ?	i study , what about you ?	 i do not have a job .	why not ? my large cheeks are turning red .
hello , how are you doing today ?	i am getting sued i found out today	 oh my god that is terrible i am very sorry to hear that .	it is my parents they are suing me so i come home for the holidays .	 i like being home , i am a georgia girl .	do you watch a lot of tv ?	 i only watch a little bit , i am more into my violin .	you could play for me while i watch tv on mute	 that would be a lot of fun , especially if chocolate is involved .	i mean , i would be fine with that	 that is good , do you like kids ?	no , but i could . it depends	 i want one boy and one girl some day .	i think that would be fine .
 hello ! how are you today ?	hi i am doing well how are you	 well , thanks . what do you like to spend your time doing ?	i play with my sons and daughter might have a fourth kid soon	 wow , you must be busy . i enjoy volunteering at elderly nursing facilities .	that is awesome i am a morning nurse at a local hospital	 so not too different ! my father used to be a policeman .	that is great police are so caring people say so much about them that is bad tho	 i know . its sad . what else do you enjoy ?	i like to eat hummus on pita flat bread	 well , ok ! i like red things but i am tall so the color does not look good on me .	that is not cool i am sorry your favorite color does not look good on you
 hi there . how are you	wonderful ! how are you doing ?	 pretty good . just finished cooking	what were you making ?	 pastas . do you like to cook	i adore pasta ! with some wine and jazz in the background . i am a fair cook .	 so what do you do	i run an antique store .	 interesting . what do you have in store	i tend to favor victorian era items , or things like that . tell me about you .	 i am store manager at a candy store . been married for five years	oooh , a sweet tooth ! that goes along nicely with food as well .
 hello , are you an elvis fan ? i am .	hi . not really . i am a hippie .	 my hair is blue , so are my car and shoes , lol .	do you have any tattoos ? i have 2 .	 i have eight , and working on getting a few more on vacation .	my hair is red and curly . i want to get another tattoo .	 you should , what will it be ? i am getting a paw print .	i have no idea yet what i want .	 i am like that too , it takes me forever to figure out something , other than elvis .	i guess he is your favorite ?	 he is , and then my next is tupac .	i am not really a tupac fan .	 i love rap , and all kinds of music except for country .	i enjoy country sometimes . what do you drive ?
 hello , i just ate tex mex ! you ?	i just had some delicious hamburgers !	 my dog tiki snuck some . do you have a dog ?	no , but i do like to go running . do you run with your dog ?	 no , but i walk with my kindergartners at recess .	cool , i bet that is no fun in the winter .	 not really , how much do you run ?	all the time ! except in the winter	 cool , i used to run when i was in school for childhood education .	i am an electrician now . do you like teaching ?	 scary ! yes i do very much !	yeah , that is why i sleep 8 hours every day	 sleep is very important . do you work everyday ?	just about , it is a busy schedule . you only work 5 days ?	 i do . my tiki misses me when i leave !	i bet . animals get attached .
 hi . i am still in school . i hope to be something in biology .	hey , me too . i do not know what i want to do yet .	 i am not interested in teaching . maybe research . you like to read ?	no , not really . i would rather party . i can not wait for college .	 i think they are cutting down on partying . what do you like in biology ?	i hope not . i just want to go meet lots of people and enjoy life .	 do you like movies ? i have not seen any good ones lately .	me either . i am not allowed to see many movies . my parents do not like them .	 do they know you party ? i think movies are calmer than that .	i would never dare tell them . they would not understand .	 they probably have some idea . what will your major be ?	i do not know yet .	 do you like to eat fast food ? where do you go ?	i like pizza and ice cream .	 that sounds good but not together . you like sports ?	no , not really . sometimes i will go to a baseball game with my dad .
hello . how are you doing this weekend ?	i am doing alright . glad i have electricity .	 that is something to be thankful for . water is also important .	true . and good places to run . though not as necessary	 right unless you are trying to escape from a zombie .	true . have you played zombie run ?	 i think i have . does it have really hardcore metal as the soundtrack ?	i do not know . but you run and it tracks your gps . it is fun .	 what ? that sounds like a very innovative game . do you work ?	from home yes . lots of typing	 yes me too . i do editing and day trading . i try to study as well .	very nice . i try to stay organized but it is not always easy .	 no its not always easy . i often get sidetracked .	cooking seems to help me stay focused but baking i get distracted and burn things	 haha . that is terrible ! i made a cake earlier .	have you seen face off ? it airs on syfy . it is a fun one .
 i just got done working out and i am relaxing . how about you ?	trying to spin this date for someone more fun lol gotta win	 oh , what is that ? i am not sure i know what you are talking about ?	ll , i am off of alot of coffee . sorry . i can tell this will be interesting	 i just sat down to eat something healthy after working out and carrots sounded really good . . . lol	i loved today it was beautiful an sunny !	 yes , i am in the midwest and we are having some early fall weather , love it	me too ! i am worried about florida	 i have some friends heading out of harms way of irma	my dad wo not leave its annoying . i am in the midwest too . i made a bet	 oh no . i would be so scared to stay . whats your bet ?	that his tail will come back home lol i cant lose	 i am praying for those involved . so sad	yes me too ! especially those that cannot afford to leave
hey there how are you ?	hey there ! i am great , how about yourself ?	 i am good , just listening to taylor swift , she is the best .	i love t swift . great choice ! i met her once . she is really nice .	 that is so cool . are you married ?	nah , i am young and like to date and have fun . what about you ?	 i have a wife , but i am young too	are you and your wife millennials too ? what kind of tv do you watch ?	 yeah , stranger things , black mirror , and some netflix stuff . you ?	i love stranger things . i have some friends that work on it ! i love game of thrones .	 that is wicked cool . what do you do for work ?	i am actually an actress . what about yourself ?	 wow , impressive . i distribute beer , i drive the truck	thanks ! my dad used to drive truck . do you enjoy it ?
 charley is my son . we both like horses . you ever tasted horse meat ?	hello how are you doing	 there is a planet behind the stars . you like seashells ? i do ?	yes i like seashells but no horse meat	 oh okay . love is the misunderstanding between two fools . you teach or do yoga ?	i love yoga and i am a male	 i see . i scream for ice cream . you like dogs ? i do .	i love dogs i have one	 great ! what kind ? we have small dogs . two to be exact .	i also love math in school	 oh okay . i aced sex education . you workout ? i do ?	yes i do . i hated school	 get out ! me too ! the wizard of oz had sexual overtones . you teach math ?	i live in my car all the time
 hey how are you ? i wanted to go to florida to surf but no way !	i am so great . for sure , no fl now . unless you are really good at swimming ?	 i am great at catching a wave with my high school sweetheart	cute ! my college sweetie and i are more into swimming . ya will have any other couple activities ?	 would not mind ! i am so busy at the hospital all the time .	do you have time to eat enough , being so busy ? i love to eat . clot .	 not like i want being a nurse on the military base .	that is impressive . do you get a lot of exercise there ?	 oh boy do i lol i bake alot when i have spare time , would love to share	i try to work out everyday . do you have a lot of friends on base ?	 a few been a brat all my life lol	i love people . pretty much a social queen . any other hobbies ?
 hi . . how is your weekend going ? ?	it is going well , how is yours ?	 night is still young . . partying	very fun . i spent the day out with my friends and family .	 great . . whare aare you from ? ?	i am from colorado . what about you ?	 i am from boston ma	cool . other than partying what do you like to do ?	 music . . we have a rock band	do you write your own music or do covers ?	 both . . sometimes covers and some time new	seen any good games ? i am eager for football season to get underway .
 hi what are you up to today	hello ! just finished a painting . . . creating art is my outlet . and you ?	 oh nice ! my outlet is doing my hair nails . . working on a new hairstyle now	cool . new cut ? new color ?	 i added some purple this morning . working on some up dos now	my favorite color is purple ! hope you are loving it !	 yes . what else do you do for fun ?	when i can snag a role , i like working as an extra in movies and writing screenplays .	 oh so cool . what types of movies are your favorite ?	action and horror . . . i do all my own stunts .	 oh that sounds fun . . a bit scary lol . i stick to volleyball	good sport ! how long have you been playing ?	 since middle school so , many years lol . do you work	i do . . . still in the creative field . . . i sing in competitions and earn decent money performing .	 wow you sound very talented	thanks . . . i do not know where i got it from . . . no one in my family has a creative bone .
 hi there , my husband died and i really need to socialize	oh my , i am so sorry to hear that dear	 to top it off my 6 brothers and sisters never bothered coming to the funeral	goodness gracious , that is awful to hear	 i even broke my arm two times the past three months .	oh dear , seems like a dark cloud has become over you	 it sure has now that my 70 year old parents just got divorced	oh now that hits too close to home . now i really feel for your pain	 guess its about the right time to adopt a cat and become the cat lady .	that is what my husband said his last wife became	 no thank you . i can smell the litter box now and i am sick . yuck .	well , a hamster is an option . that is what my grand kids own	 they are so bad about eating their own though . its so disturbing .	i agree , when they are not properly fed . i have not had that problem yet	 that is so horrible ! i think they eat their babies even when properly fed though , sometimes .	oh ? ! i will have to ask my son if that has happened yet
 hello , how are you this afternoon ?	i am doing great . glad to have a day off from school . what are you doing ?	 i am trying to figure what to read next . you ?	i am trying to make myself study for an exam . what genre do you like to read ?	 anything . i am trying to get over my ex .	the twilight series is pretty good . have you read it ?	 no , i have not . i prefer art , as i teach it .	which medium do you teach with ? paints ? sculptures ?	 currently , metal sculpting and pottery .	nice . art is the only class i have done well in .	 everyone can do art , if they find the right medium .	i agree . i wish math and science were as fun .	 i love science , math not so much .	i struggle to pay attention in math .	 i think everyone normal does .	which school do you teach at ?
 hi , i am a waitress . what do you do for a living ?	i take care of the sick , as a nurse . are you hungry ?	 after working at the diner i can not stand the sight of food	i do not eat any animal products myself . i do love books though .	 cool . do you have kids ?	nope , i am all alone . i do not know why . you ?	 i have a daughter with long brown hair like me	she sounds like a pretty woman , and i love that movie !	 i like that movie too . julia roberts was great	yeah , she is a dream . i should call her on one of my phones .	 you have more than one phone ?	yes , two to be exact ! do you like phones ?	 yeah i have the new iphone	that is so cool , i use one for holding my ebooks .	 what type of ebooks do you read ?	many different types , thomas pynchon is my favorite author .
 how are you doing today	hi i am doing pretty good how are you	 i am great . my mom is on her way here .	that is great ! i have 2 moms both took care of me	 that is nice to have family	yes families always stick together .	 mine certainly does . i love them .	what do you do for a living	 i work with computers and games	that sounds fun . i am a stay at home girlfriend . my boyfriend is a nasa engineer	 does he like his job	he loves it long hours but he enjoys it	 it sounds like work to me	yeah but he is smart . i am to forgetful to do it	 you are forgetful about what	i forget everything pretty much
 hello how are you this fine evening	better if i can get these texas cows in the barn	 you are a farmer ? cows make me sing songs lol	nope i am just from texas , yeah duh	 that is cool i see cows all the time when i am walking on hot days	i love baking cow patties and riding horses	 i love listening to the lumineers lol	i love the rose , it my favorite flower ever	 roses are red violets are blue these secret chats suck just like you	my mom is a retired teacher she could teach you	 oh ya teach me what how not to hook up cow patties	how to milk the cow silly , be nice , i am corn fed	 sick sick where are you at again	i am in decatur texas , i am a redneck with a pay check
 how are you doing today	i am good . i am katrina i am 21 years old and you ?	 i am forty . i like tv .	awesome i am not big on tv but i love dogs . my dogs name is lucky .	 i like the subway too	the subway is good . i own a restaurant i recently opened . what do you do ?	 i like to skydive and jump off buildings	oh , i like to cook . i learned from my mother , she was from russia .	 what is your favorite dish	beef stroganoff my mother passed away when i was 18 so i do it in her honor .	 that is such a sweet thing to do	thank you . do you have any children ?	 i do not . i wish i did .	have you thought of adoption ?
trying to relax online a couple minutes after getting home from work	that is good . my girl is in salt lake city .	 your girl is in slc ? is she lost or something ?	no she is out there with m y dogs , chance and boomer .	 boomer is a funny name . my tues night yoga instructor is named boomer	that is interesting . is she afraid of spiders like i am ?	 i ve never asked my yoga instructor about his fears .	well maybe you should . my parents serve the military btw .	 nah , i like to spend my spare time working out and shopping , not gossiping	nah , i do not really understand what your trying to say .	 is english your first language ?	why do you want to know ?	 i m trying to understand why you didn t understand what i wrote .	i do not understand people with egos .	 i ve got water polo practice now . it s but fun unlike some .	i am not sure what that is . i am sorry .
 hello there how are you this evening ?	hi ! i am doing well , thank you , now that my grandbaby is sleeping .	 that is always a blessing , was it a long day ?	very . i have an hour long commute , on a good day .	 that is hard work , do you travel ? i want to go to uk	i do , i travel a lot for work , currently preparing for a trip to china .	 oh that will be an adventure . do you have hobbies ?	i do photography , what do you do ?	 writing poetry and skate boarding when i have time . i am also in a band	that is very cool . what type of music ?	 punk . i am the singer . our band color is black that is my fav .	black is my fave too . do you know who the goo goo dolls are ?	 i sure do . i think they are pretty good .	they were popular when i was in highschool .	 lol funny how the time flies would you not say ?	i would , i feel much older than my 44 years .
 hi , how are you doing ?	hi ! i am good . just watching some football . you ?	 i am watching tv and grading my students tests	sounds boring . what do you teach ?	 i teach english . it is tedious but i love my job	that is good . do you have any pets ?	 yes , i have my two little babies ! ! they are corgis . i absolutely adore them	i love animals ! i enjoy going to volunteer with them .	 oh that is wonderful ! my son loves animals too . i should get him to volunteer	that would be good . it is very rewarding . my wife does it too .	 my son is autistic . it would be great for him to volunteer	it would . in the military we mentored autistic kids .	 oh that is amazing . i have been trying to find someone who can help him	i would be happy to help . i enjoy learning new things .	 thank you so much . that would be amazing !	how old is your son ?
 what do you like to do ?	i love art , i teach at a school	 i love art too which is why i like museums so much .	i used to go to museums with my girlfriend	 there are a lot of museums here in new york city , luckily .	yeah ! the museum of modern art is there right ?	 yes ! my wife and i love going there with our family .	i have seen some cool stuff online about temporary installations	 i just wrote an article about that recently !	really ? ! what is your work ?	 i write for a living .	for what publication ? or what book ?	 children stories , inspired by my nieces and nephews 10 of them !	wow , nice i love little kids , they are the best artists	 yes , they love to visit us in nyc because there is so much to do .	i heard there is more than 25000 restaurants there
 hi there how are you today ?	i am good . i just got finished shoe shopping , how are you ?	 i am good thanks , i have just got back from college .	i miss college , my college had the best pizza . what is your major ?	 business admin , although my dad is a dentist	do you think you will work with your dad ? running his business , maybe ?	 hopefully that is my plan , i just work daycare right now	i work with kids as well . i am a dance teacher , i teach 3 year olds .	 oh cool , my mums a teacher as well	wow , we have a lot in common ! do you have any pets ?	 no unfortunately not , i would love to though	i have 8 dogs , they are the best . hopefully , you can get a pet eventually .	 yeah i hope so to , my girlfriend does not like them though .	maybe you need a new girlfriend haha	 well maybe but we have been together 2 years	in my experience , things like pets and kids cannot be compromised on .
 hi what do you do	the baltimore ravens are my career , which is football . you ?	 well see as i m so so funny , i am a comedian	i love comedians . are you an athlete too ? i am .	 no , i m not a comedian either . i actually am a courier	oh that is still good . i play lineman in my position .	 a lineman . . . that is ferocious !	yes , my record is 128 , tackles that is ! any kids ?	 kids ? no , no kids . cats . . . 3 cats . you ?	no kids either . 1 dog macie and 1 cat mr pippy toes .	 that s a good cat name !	what are your cats names ?	 good n plenty skittles , and bit o honey	those are fabulous names for your cats !
 ever been to chicago ? i own a bar there	i have not . that is cool ! how long have you owned it ?	 about 10 years , which is probably why i have been married so many times	interesting . i m still just in high school so i ve never been married .	 nice ! whats your favorite subject ?	i m pretty athletic so i enjoy gym class the most .	 i hated gym class . too much running .	i hate running too . i m on the ice hockey team , so i like skating	 my favorite subject in school was spelling . i actually won the spelling bee in 3rd grade	that is impressive ! did you grow up in chicago or somewhere else ?	 i am originally from la but when i got married i moved with my husband to chicago	oh that s cool . i d love to visit la someday .	 yeah , the weather is great . where are you from ?	i m from the eastern part of the usa .
hi . i am so tired . i work long hours at the hospital . do you work ?	yes , i am working at a departmental store .	 do you drive ? i love my toyota . i love driving home , but not to work .	no , i do not have any car . but i like to ride to my cycle .	 i ride my bike to vote . i vote for everything !	that is great ! do you like animals ?	 yes , but do not have any . do you have any animals ?	yes , i have 3 cats and they are so adorable	 i bet . are you married ? do you have kids ?	sorry not married and of course do not have kids	 same here . all work and no play ! what do you like to do for fun ?	i like to read books , play guitar and also playing video games
hi , how are you doing today ?	pretty good . how are you ?	 ok , pretty happy actually , just got a job !	great ! must be karma	 well its only mcdonalds , but its a start .	i constantly read and i am reading a book on it now .	 youre reading a book about mcdonald ?	no , on karma , but i wrote a book once on steve mcqueen	 oh i see . that is interesting . you written a lot of books ?	i am working on one now about why people go on blind dates .	 huh . that is pretty random .	i have never been on one and trying to see how many turn into real relationships
 hey , how are you today ?	i am good and you ?	 i am great ! my friends are coming over later to play d d .	wow that is very cool	 what are your plans for tonight ?	probably play with my barbies	 i loved my barbies when i was little .	i am nancy and i still do	 hi , nancy ! what is your favorite color ?	mine is blue and you	 purple ! i have like twelve purple shirts .	you should not get any more it will be unlucky	 true ! in some cultures thirteen is quite lucky though .	do you have any siblings	 yes , one older brother . he is taking me to a van halen concert later !	wow that sounds fun yeah
 hello ! i am a nurse on my break . how are you ?	i am doing great ! just getting ready to cook on the grill .	 that sounds great . my husband and i grill for our kids . what do you do ?	i work as a roofer , its hard work	 it must be . i am a nurse myself . i have cared for some roofers .	that is why i am going to enjoy a nice steak and beer now	 good plan . although i usually relax in nature . 5 kids make a meal tricky .	i bet ! you can come over , i have plenty of steak for everyone	 www , that is so kind . i will bring my violin and play for our supper .	great ! i hope you like your steak well done	 well , i suppose we cannot agree on everything .	yeah i guess . i would pick you up but i only have my truck	 no worries , we have our station wagon and we are used to road trips .	nice you go on road trips ? where have you gone ?	 ah , there is my break over . good talking to you though .	nice talking to you too ! see you later !
 what are the plans for the day ?	watching football on tv . you ?	 taking a break from the kids . i tutor them on the weekends	i am a teacher and volleyball coach so i understand .	 you definitely get it . what do you do for fun ?	i love to crochet . making a scarf now . what are your hobbies ?	 i love riding my bike . it is great exercise and fun	i like to go geocaching . have you ever done that ?	 no i have not but i think it looks so cool	fun , like searching for treasure and it is great to be outdoors !	 i love that . i bet my 3 dogs would too	i do not have any dogs . one tortoise though	 that is so sweet . all of my dogs are very small	what is your favorite food ?	 i love ham , reminds me of old easter sundays	i like apples but they make me break out in hives .
hi there , how are you ?	hello , i am doing okay . how about yourself ?	 just enjoying a cup of coffee . coffee a happy me	coffee is the life force .	 yes , i could not bear the hour long commute to work every morning without it	i know the feeling . i am a seamstress , it is what keeps me going .	 i have a huge paint job ahead of me today too . think i might blast some pink	i prefer tupac , and fries .	 fries . nah , i would rather have a bowl of pasta my wife makes . its the best	i like to eat , and i am not a skinny person , lol	 then you should not eat the fries haha	i like myself just the way i am .	 then that is just fine . as long as you are happy	i am pretty , i have violet eyes and brown hair , like liz taylor .	 wow , you sound pretty ! we should hang out sometime	i would love too , do you know how to surf ?
 hello . my color is red . whats yours ?	mine is purple . i have a pomeranian , do you have pets ?	 i got birds . sadly i was first born in the family . did not get to have pets .	sorry to hear that , also first born here . we are a musical family	 i kinda became a carpenter . which was fun too .	oh that does seem kinda fun . i have always played clarinet	 sadly i was a slave . lasted 10 years .	wow , that sounds horrible . i am sorry to hear that .	 yeah but live goes on .	i was always involved in violin competitions and placed some of them	 nice i bet your good then .	it felt a lot like slavery at times , my moms a music teacher
hey what up with you today do you like shopping	i am good . no , i enjoy traveling with the fam .	 i want to stay in a forest	ok . do you have any pets ? i have a collie dog .	 i am getting a sheltie but i really hate all these questions .	that is too bad . i will try not to ask any more . i enjoy country music .	 oct 5 is when i get to get my puny	www . . . that is nice . puppies are so cute !	 hee is an angel . sso fluffy and tiny .	will he eat table scraps ? my dog i love to eat between meals .	 no , i do not like that , it gives them gas .	oh , you are so right ! and he always lays right beside me . whew !	 ahahah yeah , he is actually the son of a dog i raised .	that is cool . its hard to say no to those eyes when he wants some food .
 i love pizza could eat it daily	yum pizza , how about some piano music with that ?	 i like to skate my blonde hair looks so good in the wind	i do not like the wind . . reminds me how i am bald .	 ll nah i am in high school not into it .	i am a hipster and modify my clothes as i wish	 cool , the boys love to see me kick push coast lol	speaking of the boys i met up with jimmy fallon at the park	 really ? ! when ? org i would die	i almost did die lol , i am allergic to flowers and there were tons at the park	 awe that sucks ! i really like the smell of flowers	really ? i wish thinking about making some floral clothing	 i hope you feel better this is that season	thank you , that is really nice of you to say	 cool , what color print for the material ?	i was thinking pink . . . i love pink things
 hello !	hello , how are you ? i just got home from the gym . really wiped , big workout !	 good , same here , my best friend lives in a big city and i just visted with him	nice ! i hope your trip to the city was smooth . it can be tough traveling .	 what did you do at the gym ? i know working at a grocery store is enough	mostly lifting weights . yes , a grocery store job sounds tough ! eating dinner now .	 same , my mother like to grow plants in her garden so i am eating them now	fresh from the garden is the best ! my cat is trying to steal my chicken	 ahahah , my mother is a social worker for the schools so she always brings home strays	your mom sounds like a busy woman ! do you like music ? i love metallica !	 i do , i grew up listening to metallica ! thank you father	i am hoping to go to a concert soon . love music !
hey there , are yu married ?	fine am not yet married .	 oh ok i am . and i have 3 kids . lol that is why i golf every weekend haha	i play volley ball in my free time and happy alone .	 well that is good . there is nothing wrong with that . you like music ?	yes , i listen to gospel music and slow jams .	 oh ok that is cool . i love classical personally	when am angry , orchestral music cools me down .	 that is always good . where do you work ?	am an accountant of our construction company .	 oh ok that is pretty cool . i am a receptionist at a law firm	we need a marketing agent in our company , can you join us ?
 hello how are you today ?	i am good hope you are well	 i am thank you for asking , want to come over and run with me ?	i usually like to do yoga or walking	 that sounds hard , just as hard as my wife leaving me	my mother was teaching ballet when my father left	 that must have been hard on you	well i do have a lot of cats now	 i love cats , they are very nice	do you like tatoos ? i love to draw	 i like tattoos , hard to get them since i am a lawyer	do they let you have a beard ?	 no i have to look professional	how about a mustache ? is that okay	 it is if it trimmed	i have a very thin one right now
 have yoy ever been to the west coast , i have not .	hello i am ray from florida where are you from	 i am eric . i am from new york . my dad drove cab here in the seventies .	i am good i like to blog i mostly have blog with popular publishers	 that is cool . i was on the local news once .	no never been to the west coast but i have read about it	 i have heard its nice . i have been to flordia on a fishing boat that my uncle worked on .	i really like to share my opinions after i read a book	 ghats a good way to distribute information .	i love florida , i usually post reviews on my blog about books i read	 have you ever blogged about local news stories of legal events .	what did you catch on your fishing trip down here ?	 its been awhile because my uncle used to work on them . i caught flounder .	yes i have , alot of crazy stuff happens here in miami	 my story was a legal event , but yes . . . a lot of drug trafficking .	flounder is really a good fish to eat , i caught a 26 pound flounder once
hi there ! how is your day going so far ?	hello ! it is going well ! just finished a good workout .	 nice . i also like to work out as i am currently not in a relationship .	it does help relieve stress and stay in shape .	 absolutely does ! what kind of phone do you have ?	i have an iphone . ted talks is a show i watch on it sometimes .	 that is very interesting ! i also own an iphone , i used to use android phones .	me too . i did not like all the glitches they had .	 right ? ! ? i like to watch superhero themed movies and television shows on my iphone though .	i do not really watch television . i do like animals . do you have pets ?	 i have a cock a poo he is my world . any pets ? i like books as well , especially ebooks !	i have a dog . i really like all animals . what is your birds name ?	 cock a poo is actually a dog . cocker spaniel and poodle mix . what breed do you have ?	oh how neat . i did not know that . i have a german shepherd , baxter .
 hi how are you doing	hello is anyone here tonight ?	 i am here just crushing on my co worker and not sure how to tell her	interesting . is she a married lady ?	 yes that is the problem i need an inhaler when talking to her	so you have asthma , and she is married ?	 yes you got that right only flares up around her her husband body builds	well sound to me like she is very unavailable .	 yes she is but it will not stop me	you plan on pursuing her , even though she is married ? dude not cool	 she will be ok if i can ever talk without loosing my breath	did you see the nats tonight ? good game	 i did not watch i should have though	yeah the pizza joint went crazy when the ball went out	 i would imagine did oyu eat there	yeah i love pizza
hello there . my name is sarah . i am on my way to visit my father in prison .	i am too old for prison . ai not got time for that !	 no one has time for that . i do however enjoy the band creed . and you ?	frank sinatra . his voice is my gateway to heaven . any day now . . . still waiting .	 oh wow . what do you do on your spacetime . i love to run .	i cook stews . the grandkids cough cough love em .	 i love meats . how old are you ?	never ask a lady her age ! how rude .	 do not take it too harshly . be happy about it . i am sure you lived a great life .	ya will just waiting for me to die . franky , i am coming for you !	 i will be here with open arms miss .	can you bring cheese ? i enjoy a block of colby jack , good on my gums
 this place is starting to smell like brownies , they are almost done !	hello from sunny california how is your night going ?	 i wish i were in california ! i miss flip flop weather .	its not bad at all i was just reading a book	 what were you reading ? i love comedies .	i was reading the last vampire series	 i am gonna be a vampire for halloween . my freckles are so hard to cover with makeup .	what do you do for work ? i was busy because of the wildfire out here	 invalid word in your message photograph them , please correct the spell .	do you have any plans tomorrow ?	 i need to call my best , she is in tanzania .	oh just checking in with her ?	 yeah , we try to connect once a week while she is there .	i will probably drive my new chevy tomorrow	 oh ? what did you get ?	i got a new lumina which is pretty cool
hey , how are you today ?	hello , i am fine . how are you ?	 good . i just got finished watching some anime .	no way ! i absolutely love anime , comic books and even cartoons !	 cool ! i watched it on one of my two laptops .	i do that too sometimes while i am playing video games on the big screen .	 do you have any other hobbies ?	drawing characters from anime . i hope to publish my own someday !	 cool . after my grandparents died i took over their flower garden .	i like flowers and so does my partner .	 oh , are you in a serious relationship ?	well i am , but my partner is getting mad because she has not met my parents yet .	 have you met her parents yet ?	yes , but she is out and i am not . tell me about your relationship .	 oh , i see ! i am not in one .	well that might be lucky since so many life details get involved .
 how are you doing tonight ?	i am fine and my preferred book is the bible . what is your favorite book ?	 it depends on my mood	being an older gentleman , i understand . how are you feeling now ?	 i am feeling a bit lazy getting sleepy	i am a married man . are you married too ?	 yes i am married as well	i have a passion for travel . do you travel much ?	 i wish i could travel more often	i am enthusiastic about god . do you love god too ?	 yes i do . i am also trying to cut down on eating so much meat	i eat a reasonable amount of beef , pork and white meat . and you ?	 i am trying to eat more veggies	how come you cannot travel more ?	 i am really busy working and it is expensive	do you go to the movies much ?
hi there , how is your day going ?	its going good just playing some video games before bed	 sounds like fun ! you play often ?	yes i play every day i have never had a job and in school	 no way , i just worked today . you are not interested in getting a job ?	i am a diabetic and still in highschool so focus on my studies	 oh okay , you are still young ! good thing you are focusing on studying	my mom says study hard and get a good job like she has at apple	 that is great advice , your mom works at apple ?	yes she has been there for many years	 that is a great job , i just work at an office in my city	what do u do in the office	 mostly paperwork and meetings . what do you want to do after highschool ?	sometimes i go to the mall but mostly come home do chores and play video games
 hi , how are you ?	good , you ? how was your day ?	 rough . put out two fires today . this is my first day home from the station	wow , well done ! i got a roof ready to put on new shingles .	 do you work in construction ? looking for a contractor for my grocery store	roofing , do you need a new roof ? i need to get to the grocery anyway .	 i need everything . i am trying to open my store within 2 months	i can help with that . maybe we can trade for beer and steak .	 yes ! my mom would love to cook for us . she cooks all my meals	nice ! i will take my steak well done . i can drive my chevy over .	 text when youre here . i cant see color so i will not know which car is yours	it is listed so look for a tall truck .	 will do . do you need help marketing for your business ?	i mean lifted . no i am good . maybe for our football team though .	 i would love to help . just graduated with my degree so trying to get some work	congrats ! i used to play for them in high school . i will ask their needs .
 good afternoon , i just finished my lunch . shrimp and lobster . yum . how about you ?	that sounds tasty . just finished a shopping trip with my little girls	 oh fun , how old ?	7 and 12 . we are getting a jump start on halloween , plan to make a haunted house	 cool . did they have a good summer ? i spend mine at lake michigan every year .	summer was great for them , we traveled . how was lake michigan ? i have never been	 it is beautiful . amazing how a lake can be so big .	i bet , do you live near it ?	 no . i live in the midwest . so other then your kids , what are your hobbies ?	i remodel homes , so i like to build things with the excess materials . archery too	 wow . i play the sax in a jazz band and have a black belt in karate .	oh wow ! impressive , how long have you played ? karate is awesome , i am jealous	 go find a class . we have moms at my dojo . started sax in 6th grade .	that is cool , and yeah , maybe i will . become the next bruce lee or something
 good afternoon and i hope it is a good one	it is pretty good thanks . how are you ?	 good just hanging out in my empty apartment playing some video games	i love video games . what is your favorite ?	 i am really good at monopoly	i did not know that monopoly was a video game	 yeah it is a fun game	i mostly like single player rpgs on my xbox	 i do not have a lot of spare time but when i do it is fun	do you like to watch movies ?	 sometimes but i do play my guitar a lot	what is your favorite genre of music ?	 i like different types of spanish music	do you also play spanish guitar ?	 yes i am learning how to play	i am a big fan of carlos santana
 hello how are you doing today	pretty good , how are you tonight ?	 i am doing great , i was playing playstation with my little brother	sounds fun , i was studying and practicing music	 what kind of music are you practicing ,	violin , i hope to be a music teacher , what game were you playing ?	 i was playing with little brother gods of war , we live with our mother	i live with my grandma , but she is fun	 that is nice , yes i live my brother and mother , but boyfriend live in italy	you must miss him , nice place to visit	 yes , l ve been there alot ,	i am envious , someday hope to go , love the history	 you would really like it	i am sure , the food must also be amazing
 hi there . how are you ?	i am good but due for my nightly medications . you ?	 not too bad . just enjoying my night .	i just went for a swim but now i am playing a video game	 what game are you playing ?	mario kart . do you play ?	 i have played , not for a while though .	what do you like to do ? i enjoy running track	 i actually really enjoy making lots of cash .	that is definitely fun . do you wear glasses like me ?	 nope , no glasses for me . never needed them .	wow i wish i did not need them since i swim a lot	 i love swimming , but not a lot of time these days .	why are you so busy ?	 usually just working at my job most of the time .	i only work part time since i got sick and had to take daily meds
 hi ! !	hi	 how are you ?	i am good . finally get to meet my kids this weekend	 where have they been ? lucky kids	they all live in other cities .	 sorry to hear that . my parents passed any in a car accident . be careful !	i am so sorry for your loss	 thank you . i do ballet to cope .	do you like listening to religious music	 i guess i could ballet dance to it . i love movies though	i do not remember the last time i went to movie theater
 hello , how are you today ?	i am doing great ! i was just outside working on some pottery !	 how interesting . i do not do anything but act . i would love to be creative .	acting is very creative ! i love to create with my hands . . . pottery , knitting , etc .	 very cool . i started acting at 10 , made my first movie at 18 .	that is impressive ! i have 2 sons that keep me very busy !	 i have four kids , one boy . on the set of a telenovela , that is .	your life sounds so exciting . are you an animal person ?	 i am , i do not have any but i do love them .	my dog recently died and i am feeling the void .	 i am so sorry . how old was he ?	he was 10 . he was an amazing dog .	 my sirius passed at 8 , he was my world	they give us so much ! my husband really took it hard also .	 i am not married yet , my boyfriend is a detective , and he says we have to wati .	marriage is wonderful . why do you have to wait ?
 hi , how are you today ?	hi ! pretty good . just teaching my daughter to cook great like i do .	 oh , are you a chef ?	no , for a living i sell paper products . what do you do ?	 so , not a chef . lol . i dance for a living . a ballet dancer .	no , just conceited . fancy ! i wish i could dance ballet . how tall are you ?	 five foot eight , which is good , since i like hamburgers .	i wanted to be at least 6 feet tall but i am just under that .	 do you like junk food to ?	i love it ! i love to eat candies , ice cream , cookies , popcorn and etc .	 yup . i had to eat fast food when my parents died when i was young .	sorry to hear that . do you drink hot tea ? that is my favorite .	 yes , i am a tea drinker also . have water on now . have to go .	i have to go and make dinner . have you already made dinner ?
 hello how are you today	i am doing well , just watching a movie . how about you ?	 what movie ? listening to folk music	a horror movie . i am more of a rock person .	 cool , what did you do in your spare time	mostly video games . how about you ?	 i run and try do physical activities since i serve in the navy	that is amazing ! how long have you been serving	 7 years to be exact it has been a great and challenging experience	i can only imagine . no one in my family has served .	 there is other ways to serve by helping someone less fortunate than you	of course . my family company partners with a lot of nonprofits to support them	 that is great to hear there is so much we can do on our own soil	i definitely agree . food , housing , financial support .	 what is your favorite rock band	iron maiden . definitely my favorite .
 hello , how are you doing today ?	i am good thanks for asking	 no problem , tell me something about you	i love exercising and being in shape	 ohh , that ; s great . do you like to play guitar ?	no i do not . do you ?	 yeah , i like to play bass guitar . what is your hobby ?	mostly going to the gym	 for me , i like to go out for fishing and playing guitar .	what do you do for a living ?	 i work as a sales manager	what city are you from ?	 long beach , what about you ?	i am in lake havasu az
hello ! what do you do for a living ?	i work as an athlete , i do not really like it .	 i breed show cats . i work unlike my bum brother on my couch .	that sounds fun ! i wish i was an explorer .	 you should quit sports and travel . my parents went to florida .	i do travel some i go to india quite a bit .	 wow ! i cook really good indian food , but i have never been .	it is a beautiful place . do you have any hobbies ?	 i show my maine coon cats and i cook all kinds of things . you ?	i enjoying traveling and taste testing food .	 have you been to florida ?	i have been to the keys . i love the warm weather .	 i visit my parents there . now i will help them rebuild their garage .	o what happened to the garage ?	 hurricane damage . my brother should go help them but he cannot get off the couch .	yes he should ! tip the couch over .
 hey . i am 44 years old and just became a new grandparent .	congrats ! i do not have any siblings .	 that is too bad . i love sunshine , but weirdly prefer the nighttime and 3 dragons	i love pizza . i love playing soccer outside .	 i always have this thing where i cant decide between a chili corn dog or cheese dog	is a chili corn dog on a stick ?	 yeah . its still a corn dog but you end up eating it with a fork	the corn is good at the carnival . not sure what they put on it .	 you probably do not want to know whats in it	yeah , but i think they are fda regulated .	 probably but surprisingly those regulations are not that strict .	running a restaurant is super hard as is .	 oh i know . i drive over an hour to work every day to run one .	wow . when is your busiest time of year ?	 in my area its in the summer .	there was a dominos and a snack stand in a water park i worked at .
hello , how are you today ?	i am great . how are you doing ?	 i am okay , i won at the casino last night and then lost it all .	how much did you win	 seven grand . i will go back tonight and try to win it back .	oh wow . that is a lot of money . what else do you do ?	 i eat vegetables and work as a translator for companies over the web .	i bet that you have a lot of fun with that job	 i do , it is fun talking on the phone , and i speak spanish fluently .	i like food from there but i do not speak it	 i do not care for the food , i love italian .	do you like to cook ?	 i love to cook , and i am a vegan . how about you ?	i like to cook too . i love meat though .	 most people do , and i am okay with that .	that is great . what do you do for work
hello , how are you doing ?	hi i am good . just came back from a workout an hour ago	 very nice . what did you do ?	today i focused primarily on my upper body but i also hit the treadmill	 do not forget to have a leg day ! ll . where do you work ?	haha true . i am a professional sports car driver and in my spare time , a triathlete	 wow , that would be a cool career . i just started interning at google .	it is . nice , how is it so far ?	 its fascinating . just very busy never a dull moment for sure .	interesting , reminds me of life at home with my four daughters , never a dull moment	 4 daughters ? yeah , that would be insanity .	haha , its like that at times . but that goodness for board games
 wow , someone is on ! good evening ! how are you ?	i love magic mike and singing	 i have never been much of a singer , i prefer writing . my wife loves to sing .	i love teaching and live in the city . i hate it . hate it .	 i love the city , so many museums . i love the art gallery . have you been ?	do you like video games ? i do , and magic mike .	 i play a lot of games with my 10 nieces and nephews . keeps me busy .	wow ! that is alot of kids !	 do you have any kids ?	3 . its awesome . they keep me busy	 i never wanted any of my own , far too busy	i have fun with them	 i bet they are . are you married ?	yes . that is fun fun fun
 hello , how are you today ?	i am pretty good , just went for a drive in my bmw to do some shopping .	 sounds like fun , i wish i could afford a bmw !	me too . ll . . . i think i need to trim back on my bills somehow .	 ll , my expenses are fine . the problem is i need more money for something like that	yeah . i think i am a shopaholic , though . maybe that is why i am still single	 at this point in my life , i would rather have a nice car than a family haha	well i surround myself with lots of friends , so i guess that is like having a family .	 same here , that is what is holding me over until i am ready for one	what kind of car do you drive ?	 i have a nissan sentry , its 7 years old	do you like to go out and shop too ?
hey partner , my name is ray and one of my hobbies is swimming with manta rays	hey nice to meet you . my hobby is running . i love it !	 nice to meet you too , do you like running at thing or away from things ?	depends ! if its a hamburger then i am definitely running towards it ! absolutely love them .	 did you know that there had a exhibition about hamburgers in the smithsonian , i love that place	i live close to there and the winters are dreadful ! i really hate the cold .	 man i hate the cold too , winter is the worst of all seasons , but i need it	it helps me sleep at least . i sleep 8 hours regularly , it helps me function .	 i am a sky instructor , but my real passion is the smithsonian	if i am ever on a jog i will make sure to go there .	 be careful , have not you watched the csi my favorite show smithsonian episode ?	i am on a strict schedule with 8 hours of sleep , i have not yet sorry .	 why so much sleep man , have not you heard of real african american hours ?	whats african american hours ? have never heard of that before .	 you have not heard about em cause you sleep to much boy	i spend a lot of my energy running in the city when i am off .
 hi ! how are you ?	i am doing ok , hanging in there .	 hope things get better . what do you do for a living ?	i am looking for an after school job , i am still in high school	 oh , cool . i am an accountant	wow , how did you pick that career ?	 i was running when i got the idea ! i am just good at numbers .	that is cool . i need to find a job so i can move out of here asap !	 do you have any pets you are gonna move with ?	no pets , my dad is too strict and mean for us to have any	 i am sorry . i have two really cool dogs	awesome ! i want to get a dog once i move out .	 that would be great ! who your fave musician ?	i like avenged sevenfold	 they are really good , but my fave is bruno mars	yeah he is good .	 i drive a red honda . do you have a car for the job you need ?	no but my close friend drives me where ever i need to go .	 oh , that is nice of them	yes we grew up together so we are kind of like sisters	 that is great !	yeah i wish we were because her dad is nicer than mine	 once you get a job you will be free though !	yes i know . its just do not know what kind of career i want to get into	 do something you love , if possible	i hope so . i have not had the best schooling so i feel like i have been deprived	 college might be able to fix that	yes i just worry about money for all of that	 understandable . college costs a fortune	yes ! well , i better get to job hunting . it was nice chatting with you ! tty
 hi , how has your day been ?	great , it was beautiful day here in north carolina . you ?	 very good , the day stared with church and ended with family time .	lovely , do you have to go to work tomorrow ?	 i do yes , do you ?	yes , i work at a local diner . how about you ?	 i am a teacher and i am trying to get a job in baltimore .	do you live in baltimore ?	 i do not i live just outside of baltimore . where do you live ?	i live in asheville nc . i hiked the appalachian trail this past summer .	 that is exciting . who is your favorite music artist ? mine is yo gotti .	i love yo la tengo . i have never heard of yo gotti	 he is a rapper . i have never heard of yo la tengo .	can you sing ? i am a terrible singer .	 i cannot sing either , but i do it in the shower ! ll	oh and i like the grateful dead . i used to follow them when they toured .
hello ! i was born in the state of kansas , and you ?	i have a lot of money , you cant have any	 i work on a huge farm , i love fresh chickens !	me president , maga ! ! , wheres ivana , put it on a chart	 i know about driving trucks , but , you , president , i do not know about that ! ahahah	at one point i had no money , then i had money again , it was bigly	 you are supposed to share your wealth ! do not be selfish !	let me tell you , i had casinos , many many casinos , very huge ! ! !	 i like to gamble too , maybe i will come and visit sometime !	did i tell you i had money , big big money , so big !	 yes , i wish i was as wealthy as you are sir !	i am the ruler of the free world , very huge , big things !
 hello , how are you tonight ?	great sore from playing football , how about you ?	 tired , long day at work . the panda was misbehaving .	oh goodness , i bet my class mates in college would find that funny .	 i work at the zoo , i lost two toes to the tigers .	ugh ! ! ! i have to eat really healthy like some of your animals at the zoo .	 i have an omelet for breakfast each morning , i use 6 eggs .	i drink a protein shake before going and working out .	 are those any good ? i love to read .	they are . i read when i am not hanging out with all my friends . or parting .	 i do not party , my friends and i have a crime novel book club .	that is something my literature class would like .	 i would be happy to send you a list if you would like .	sure that would be awesome .	 do you teach high school or college ?	i actually attend college and take a literature class .
piano keeps me active because my father is not around	well i like to play the piano as well , my father is not around either	 my boyfriend join the us army , unhappy now . . .	i am a general in my country	 i heard the color yellow makes you happy , so that is my favorite	i guess so , never heard that but i like chocolate cake	 what did you do for your country as a general ?	in the oris army , i am in charge of many men	 yum , i love chocolate cake , it makes me happy just thinking about it	i know just thinking about it make me hungry as well ,	 good to be a leader , my boyfriend is not really a leader just an army man	how old is he , i am 32 years old
what do you do for fun these days ?	i enjoy taking my dog out for walks , he introduced me to my first two wives lol	 i love dogs and treat all kinds of animals at work . so you are married ?	i am not . woman over look me as i am only 5 ft tall	 you will find the right person , maybe third times the charm . do you run ?	only to the fridge for my coffee creamers . . right now i have 5 flavors to choose from	 a fellow coffee enthusiast . both my nephews see me as the queen of coffee .	are you married ? if not maybe we should go to dinner how do you like your steak ?	 not married , i spend a lot of time with my nephews since their dad is deployed .	that is so sweet of you ! so medium rare steaks for two ?	 you read my mind ! i am also looking for a running partner .	i guess i could be convinced to run for more than coffee lol	 i drink so much of it that i need a way to relax , running is the key .	that does not sound like a bad idea at all . can my dog come too	 sure , bring him along . what his name . . . . or her name ?	her name is molly and she loves kids . what are your nephews names	 the army brats ? tommy and gunner .	how old are they ? i have always wanted children it just did not work out for me	 there is plenty of time for you . they are 8 and 10 . love them to bits .	how long is there father deployed for ?	 we are into the fourth month and get to video chat every week .	that is amazing ! i bet you are so proud . is he your brother then ?	 my one and only brother , yes . he helped me get through veterinarian school .	are there any animals you are afraid of ? i would imagine that would make work hard lol	 a man brought his pet wolverine in once , i nearly died .	oh wow i do not think i would have been able to take care of that pet
 how are you doing today ?	fantastic , just making a bowl of macaroni . you ?	 my husband and i just got back from a hike .	oh that sounds fun . i do not hike .	 it is . in colorado lots of beautiful places . where are you from ?	from beijing . i think purple is beautiful , do you have a favorite color ?	 do you have any hobbies ? yes purple is !	sometimes i play video games but my real passion is ballet .	 what is beijing like ? do you like it . did ballet for nearly 20 years .	very crowded , but beautiful . ballet is wonderful .	 pointe shoes stopped my ballet goals . so painful !	absolutely . but it is lovely to watch .	 do you have a car there ? feel like people bike a lot there .	i never had a car , much prefer bikes . here in ny too .	 sure is beautiful to watch . amazing really .	absolutely . do you like blondes ? my hair is very light .
 hello	hello there ! how are you ?	 i am good and you ?	awesome ! i just saw dunkirk in theatres , though a little depressing	 that movie got good ratings ? better than saving private ryan ?	yep ! and i love christoper nolan the director . spr was so cheesy !	 how was harry styles acting ?	haha he is extremely multi talented . you a d fan ?	 no but i did like a few of their songs . . . guilty pleasure lol	haha me too ! i love cheesy things . . .	 shhhh do not tell no one , especially by friends lol	haha . . . when i was young superhero movies were my guilty pleasure
 our department has developed new taco shaped french fries for del taco .	that is impressive . i have a craving for pizza puffs and barbeque sandwiches .	 i will make suggestions to my team and see what they can come up with .	great ! my nickname is jay and i am 19 years old . do you have hobbies ?	 hi jay . i design cutting edge french fries with my research team . join us .	sure , if i can bring my imaginary friends . we hang out . what else ?	 you can find me on my bike around town listening to u2 . you like music ?	yes . pnb rock and miley cyrus live down the street . do you watch tv ?	 wow , miley cyrus . i bet she would like a bike she can pedal with her hands .	i bet . i imagine we watch tv . tom and jerry is the best show ever .	 i like tv when i am not swamped with work . del taco is expanding .	that is a lot of tacos .	 the best designs , i could hand craft a tom and jerry bucket of fries .	that is awesome . my imaginary friends would approve .	 i imagine they would . would you like a job at del taco ?	sure . i could use a job so i can buy more pizza puffs and barbeque sandwiches .
 hi , just finishing up this sewing project , then we can talk .	hi . i just finished cooking some stew for my my restaurant . i can wait .	 done ! i love stew . is it beef ?	yep . i cant wait til someday i only bake . would rather have a bakery ?	 oh yes . donuts . cake . muffins . this is why i am a bit hefty .	i was helping my family out today . normally i have a 9 to 5 work schedule .	 i am a stocker , but i am too short to reach some of the shelves .	that is frustrating , i bet . what do you do to make it better ?	 i tell my cat about it when i get home . i love my cat .	pets are nice . the owner at the soup kitchen i volunteer at has one .	 i hope to get another , but it is hard to find another with hair brown like mine .	yeah . i can empathize . i cant wait to retire . bakery here i come .	 ooh , i have another idea of something to sew .	what are you going to sew next ?	 aprons , pot holders , table runners . always sewing , sewing , sewing .	wow . that will definitely take a while . how do you find the time ?
namaste . how are you today ?	i am well , what are you up to ?	 just watching casablanca with my kids .	i am watching chucky with my fianc . how many kids do you have ?	 i have two kids . they are chinese , adopted . where are you ?	i live in california , and you ?	 new york , but i dream of quebec ! i want to go there .	it is probably nice there . new york is hectic	 i am not in the city , i am in the mountains up north . it is lovely .	ok cool . . what do you do for a living ?	 i have yoga classes , i love the enlightened arts .	ok cool . . what do you do for a living ?	 i teach things like yoga and meditation .	ok cool . . what do you do for a living ?	 i teach meditation and yoga . you ?	ok cool . . what do you do for a living ?
 hello , are you there ? how are you ?	hi how are you today	 i am good , i am just drinking my coffee .	do you drink coffee often ?	 i do , french vanilla is my favorite coffee flavor , what do you like to drink ?	i like to drink beer mostly	 haha , yeah my boyfriend i have been dating for 10 years has always liked beer	do you like planes then ?	 no , being a gymnast i only like to jump in the air not fly	i can fly planes though yeah	 awesome , what do you do for fun ?	i love to take pictures of things	 that is cool , what do you take pictures of ?	the forests and my court cases
 good morning , i am erika . how are you ?	it is my day off work , feeling lazy .	 hey same here ! i start my new job selling cars tomorrow . what do you do ?	a grill cook . maybe selling cars would be for me too . a second job .	 its an exciting job ! grill cook mmmm my favorite food group is meat lol	i want to someday own my own restaurant .	 wow sounds ambitious . . exciting what are your other hobbies ?	running ! ! and what about you hm ?	 i love painting pictures , i run also . do you run races ?	no not really . would you paint me ?	 i could try lol . i prefer landscapes locations . but love tryin new things	good . i would want you to paint me while i eat .	 can be eating pizza ? its also my favorite haha	yes . pizza for everyone . or for us at least .	 yes extra cheese and thick crust . omg is it dinner time yet ? !	will you cook me dinner ?
 hi how are you today ?	i am doing great ! just watching jeopardy . you ?	 sitting here drinking wine with my dogs . my kid is sleeping so its chat time !	oh sounds relaxing . what kind of dog do you have ? i have 2 cats .	 i have two boxers . what kind of cats are they ?	just regular domestic short hairs , 1 orange and 1 grey . i love boxers .	 it is a good thing our pets are not where i work d	oh where is that at ?	 i work at a clothing shop ! they would run around and shred everything !	yes i believe it lol ! so what kind of food do you like ? i am craving italian !	 i love italian . any food that pairs well with a red wine ! p	that is the perfect pair ! my favorite is fettuccine alfredo .	 maybe we could set up a time to eat . just need a sitter for baby .	same here . i have a 1 and a half year old daughter .
 hi , goodwill is where i get most of my clothes	i love goodwill . you can find lots of weird music there .	 yes , i know california is where i am from and you ?	oh i do not know if i should say , but i really want to move to iceland .	 i never been to iceland i live in california	do you like it ? i think its be too warm for me .	 lots of good will in california its a great place to shop and buy recycle stuff	i bet lots of interesting stuff happens there . nothing happens here .	 do you do a lot of recycling in iceland ? it is important	i would imagine iceland does some recycling . one of the reasons to live there besides the cold .	 what types of recycling do you do over there ?	i do not know , but i wish i did .
 hello , what is your favorite kind of cookie ?	i like pancakes . they are like giant cookies .	 never had anyone say that before . . . ever had a cookie ? lol	yeah i have had a ton of em . have you ever had a chocolate chip pancake ?	 just last weekend . . . any other breakfast options you like ? bagels	bagels are my secret actual favorite . do you work ?	 my husband does the actual work , i have hobbies	nice . me too not the husband part though . i am a loner . what hobbies ?	 training dogs is super fine	i have pitbulls and harleys . i am very hardcore .	 awwww i love pitbulls , they are so smart	they are knuckle heads . i have to punch them in the face sometimes . its not abuse	 well i would say that is the opposite of training	they shake it right off ! lt does nothing . they are sweet dogs though	 just a flesh wound , huh ?	yeah yeah . i like to take trips and travel . do you travel ?
hi how are you today	hello . i am good , just came in from a hike	 very cool do you go to church	i am a brujeria , nature is my church . my dogs are my congregation	 oh do you pray in nature	something like that . i am a farmer	 i like to see people pray in groups	do you do photography ? waterfalls are my favorite .	 yeah i make phone apps too	that is very cool . what kind ?	 ones to help heal people	that is very cool . i use several
 hey , how are you . i am a man that has many hobbies ? do you have hobbies ?	i am a teacher that takes up my time	 you are a teacher , wow . same here .	my school is huge . is yours ?	 yes , it is and it is located in a major city .	i only have 26 kids thank the lord	 what subjects do you teach ?	just general stuff . i am a new teacher	 so , do you live in an urban area ?	i do but i also can kayak	 wow , that must be impressive to do .	it definitely makes the butt work
 hello ! my name is granny jean	well that is a cool name you like all this hot weather ?	 yes , my gran kids have been swimming the day away .	well that is awesome . i hate it lol . i prefer colder weather	 truthful same here , i can sit by the fire with a good book .	yea . or jam some red hot chili peppers . i love those guys	 oh my grandson loves them their dancing maggy song is nice	great song . what are you wearing ?	 why . . . you are a peculiar .	i was just going to say i wear mostly black . i like darker clothing	 same as my hero . . well i am a career army wife , i dress proper	oh ok . that is cool . i am a cashier at 2 places . gotta make	 i have 2 grandkids that are cashiers and 2 in high school .	that is a lot of grandkids . expecting more ?
 hey , how is it going ?	great what are you up to today ? i am sad because i have no brothers	 i am drinking carmel cappuccino !	that sounds awful actually	 well , being in graduate school , i need the caffeine !	oh i am also in grad school . rather just finished .	 great ! grad school is a lot of writing . . .	yes it is i wrote about 500 pages in my diss	 wow ! i have not even started that yet .	grad school is also a lot of whining . i am nancy .	 hi nancy ! i am melody . . .	that is a pretty game what is your favorite song ?	 i like uptown funk . . . whats yours ?	barbie girl is the greatest music of all time	 nice ! what was you dissertation about ?	it is about my experience as an only child from an ontological perspective
 hi how are you doing	pretty good day , how is yours so far ?	 i am good just took a nap in my car	why in your car , hope it was warm	 i live in my bmw after i dropped out of school have not told the parents	wow , they would not understand at all ?	 eh i am just one of those people that coast through life	lucky , i like to travel , but definitely a planner	 where do you like to go	anywhere new , anywhere with history , everywhere eventually	 where the last place you went	china , stayed for four years and still did not see everything
 hi there . i am confined to my bed .	i am happy because beer brewing is what i love	 i love beer . i work from home so i can drink it when i want .	sorry to heard that currently live in a city called portland	 its ok . i keep up with social media so its not bad .	state is oregon where i live , making coffee is what i like too	 i drink a lot of coffee while i am playing game son the computer .	do you like coffee ? i like to drink coffee .	 i love it . especially espresso .	what is game son ? is that a game ?	 i meant to say games on my computer . i like puzzle games .	glad you like coffee , do you make your own ?
 hey , how are you tonight ? i am cuddling with my pet panda	i am good and that is cool i watch anime and they have pandas	 that is so cool ! ! pandas are my favorite ! that and surfing	my grandparents surfed before they died	 oh i am sorry ! surfing is quite the fun sport though . my panda surfs too	wow that is so cool i want to show you my garden	 i would like that ! can i buy veggies from you for my new juicing bar ?	sure but i mainly have flowers	 those might add a unique flavor and texture !	that is true or make some wine	 from flowers ? i would love to try that . maybe i will add to the menu	it is very good , you should try it	 definitely , i love that being a vegetarian brings new experiences and friends !	yes it would be right up your alley then	 are you a vegetarian too ? maybe you could invest in my juicing bar ?	i could be i am not sure i like meat but i love animals
hi	hi how are you	i am doing ok how are you	i am good	 where are you from	i am from ohio how about you ?	 i live in new york city	oh nice ! i have always wanted to go there	 i love it here endless places to take my girlfriend . i love her and want her happy	my husband is the same way , he promises to travel with me after he retires	 that is awesome you will have fun . i am hoping my older brother can come up here soon	whats your favorite thing to do there ?	 i run at central park	i am not much of a runner but i love to walk
i got gay married last year . my husband is much older .	congrats i am cindy a chef i aspire to own a restaurant	 i just went across the street to a spanish restaurant today . love them .	awesome what is you favorite color ? mine happens to be green	 i suppose i like green too , because i live mostly in the country , but was in town .	oh i grew up on a farm . do you have hobbies ? i like netflix and sleep	 yes , i like movies too , but at theaters . i also like sex .	i rarely go to theatres too many people	 the last time i went to one i was the only person in there ! freaky .	oh that would not of been bad at all	 it seemed nice at first , but then it was lonely . i got some pasta presently .	oh that sounds good right now	 it is usually doable , so versatile , pesto , fettucine , ziti , etc .	sounds really good . did you watch any games today ?	 no , i am not a big fan of team sports , more surfing , etc . did you ?	no i was really busy today did not have a chance
 hi ! what do you do for fun ?	i like to bake how about you ?	 i like banging on the drums ! do you have pets ?	so you like music , what type of music do you like ? no . i have no pets .	 i have three dogs . one of them is a service dog . i like rock music	what else do you like to do ? i love to read .	 i like riding my bike . and i really should work out more but i hate it	working out is hard for me , some of the equipment is to tall for me .	 so does yoga help lower blood sugar ?	i am not sure . but healthier eating could help lower your blood sugar .	 that would be helpful . i have to measure every day .	there are a lot of healthy recipe boks out there that could be helpful .	 i will have to look those up . i have to count my carbs regularly	you know carbs turn into sugar so you should limit those to help .	 exercise lowers it too but i do not do it as much as i should	maybe it would help if you had someone to work out with , to keep you accountable .
 how are you ? where are you from ?	i am from japan , and you ?	 i am from kansas but it is so cold here . i would rather live somewhere warmer .	oh , do you live alone ? kansans seems nice	 i do . what do you do for a living ?	i too live alone . my job is making robots . what about you ?	 i used to work on a farm but lost my job due to the farm being foreclosed .	that is sad . i am sorry . are you single ?	 i am . what hobbies do you enjoy ? i watch reality shows a lot .	i stay up late at night . i am on you tube a lot	 i like you tube too .	i do not have a lot of friends . what about you ?	 i have a couple i consider good . do you like any sports ?	that is good . i like to watch soccer , but i do not get out much . you ?	 i enjoy watching baseball . the cleveland indians are my favorite .	that is cool . what is your name ?
hi how are you ? i am chilling in my college dorm room .	oh sounds fun . . i am great , just headed to a brewery to try my 36th new beer	 cool . the grocery store where i work carries like 70 different beers .	i work at a brewery , craft beers are my passion	 awesome . do you drive to work ?	actually no , i prefer the scenic walk . and you ?	 no i take my unicycle with me across campus .	oh i have never been on a unicycle . my wife of 6 years would laugh so hard	 ya . it is a lot of fun . what kind of music do you like ?	everything except country , its terrible haha . and you ?	 i only listen to metallica . that is my jam	oh i am into the heavy metal much . . mostly rap	 ah . i think metallica is the coolest .	what do you do for fun ?	 besides my unicycle l . not much . you ?	i enjoy running . . and kayaking too
hi , what is your favorite color ?	red . my chevy tahoe is the same color !	 i love purple . i wish i had a chevy tahoe . i drive a town and country .	my grandpa use to drive one . fought in www . he cannot drive anymore .	 my father preaches . he walked to his church every day . he refused to drive .	my father was very religious . hated that i love rock music .	 my dad always loved that i became a teacher . he never let me listen to music .	i am sorry to hear . my baptism made me scared of water . never learned to swim .	 oh wow . i put my toddler in swimming lessons when she was 9 months old .	that is good that she is learning how to swim . its important .	 yes . i wanted to make sure she was not afraid of the water since so many people are .	i am one . i am doing the same with my son . he is like a fish on water .	 that is awesome . now i cannot keep my daughter out of the pool .	swimming is good for everyone . my veteran grandpa loves his heated pool .	 i am jealous ! a heated pool sounds so nice . my pool is so cold .	it helps with his arthritis .
the damn dogs wo not stop barking !	i love dogs ! just turn some music on .	 i will leave the radio on while i go walk . up to 2 miles a day so far !	good for you ! the beetles always gets me through a workout .	 so glad i got my new job . gives me more time to exercise .	where do you work ? i give bass lessons . do you play ?	 new job is at programming firm . no , i play drums , but thanks anyway .	we could start a band ! congrats on the new job .	 thanks . sure beats those 3 jobs i had . glad that is over .	i need an extra job to support my vintage furniture addiction .	 wanna watch my dogs while i walk ?	i would love that ! they can alphabetize my cd collection with me	 what kinda music you into ? i love metallica !	the beetles is my favorite band , i have all of their cds .
 hello ! how are you tonight ?	good , listening to some biggie right now . you ?	 nice ! i am watching moulin rouge	great movie . my mom and i were just talking about that movie	 i love broadway shows , so this was the closest thing i had .	i used to go to shows with my boyfriend . who do you go with ?	 my mom and sister . we go to at least 2 shows per year .	how fun . my boyfriend actually dumped me at the end of momma mia	 oh man ! did you go to new york to see it ?	yes ! i work as a paramedic in the area so i heard about the show	 i love ny . i do not live there but i travel there often .	where do you live ?	 i live in california mainly . i have an apartment here .	i have always wanted to visit and go fishing !	 you want to fish in the ocean ?	yes , i love fishing . figure i could listen to some music and fish .
 hi ! do you have any pets ?	oh gracious no ! i have a severe cat allergy . do you ?	 oh yes , i have 2 dogs moe and minnie . my babies	i wish i had no allergies so i could have pets . i do enjoy them !	 my mom is allergic to dogs , so i understand . how is your day going	alright . just got my hair cut ! i love to keep it short . how is your day ?	 busy . just on my lunch break . we had two different sick boa constrictors today	what do you do for work ?	 i am an assistant for a vet . you ?	retired but i keep busy learning to play the piano and going to the ymca	 very cool . i play the trombone . nice portable instrument .	definitely . it sounds so neat ! i also watch a lot of horror movies .	 yikes . too scary for me . and for my dogs .	well that is okay ! what do you like ?
 hi . how are you doing ?	i am great , thank you for asking ! and you ?	 i am alright . i was just reading .	i like to talk on the phone instead of read .	 who do you usually talk to	my friends we go gambling often i have a bit of a problem .	 do you ever win a lot	sometimes , yes ! i am just addicted . do you have any addictions ?	 i do not . i am very quiet .	oh ! what do you do in your free time ?	 i like to read sometimes	cool ! i like to hike !	 so you must spend a lot of time outside	i do ! do you like to hike at all ?
 hey how are you doing	good ! i was out flying a kite today . . . so fun	 cool great time for it , out playing with my dog percy	love animals . my car is not running , so i am having to walk everywhere	 wow sorry to hear that , know how that is , good exercise though	yes ! i play rugby alot and that is good too	 nice i am into train sets that my dad has i enjoy the thomas tank engine	i think thomas in cute . grandsons like him	 cool haha , i enjoy books about trains that is what i want to do when i get older	good idea ! my neighbor likes rug too and always comes over to watch it	 cool that sounds good not into sports personally	what do you enjoy in your spare time ?	 i play with trains as much as possible	yes , you did say that ! my brother had a trainset when he was young
i can not believe i am going to be a senior next week !	that is cool me too ! it went by so fast !	 yep and we got a hockey team this year , so it wil be great	lol i just do th horses are easier to me , they do not throw objects at my face .	 they could buck you off though . well i am a bit unset my bff moved .	sorry to hear that , but in all honesty after highschool it would have changed anyway	 yeah , you are probably right . my mom paints horses , arabians .	those are cool ! i like paint and clydesdale	 yeah horse paintings are cool . you like bud horses ? they live in st . louis .	yeah , lol i liked them before they were bud horses . lol advertising takes everything	 they are pretty big horses . beautiful though .	that is what i admire about them , they almost seem un natural .	 i need to go purchase my school supplies tonight .	did not school start already for you ?	 it starts in a few days . excited .	that is good , do you need a lot of items ?
hello there . how are you ?	really mellow . just drank the best beer from china ! who knew ?	 that is awesome ! beer is great with sushi , my favorite food !	not my thing , but to each his own . i am more of a classic kind of guy .	 oh i see . my 2 kids also dislike sushi .	after a long day in the garage , a thick steak hits the spot .	 that is so true ! that was my congratulatory dish when i graduated nursing school	i am indebted to all the nurses who stitched me up in the emergency room .	 it is a rewarding profession . just helping people is a joy of in itself	i like a nice game of darts in the pub after a long day of work .	 playing pool is mine after a long day .	that is also be fine relax . or a night of poker .	 that is true . have you just been to china ?	no , why do you ask ?
my favorite tv show is game of thrones , whats yours	cake boss ! i make cakes as my job .	 lol , i have never heard of that show	its on the food channel . do you have pets ?	 no , i wish i did , but i am not allowed to have any	aw . i have a cat . i adore cats .	 i hate those things , i love dogs the most and snakes	i had a snake long ago . an albino bermes python	 that sounds pretty cool , pythons can be really huge	girl got up to 11 ft . we had to take her to a breeder in va	 you think that is big , my daddy had one up to 20 ft	wow ! that is amazing . the live kill feeding must have been expensive !	 yes it was , i hated having to give it the rats and stuff , yuck	we gave girl mice as a treat .
 hi ! what are you doing ? i am singing terribly as we chat .	funny . i teach and bake . john and wayne are my cats .	 i work at a local diner as a short order cook . i wish i could bake .	oh okay . you ever been to mexico . i have . you dance ?	 no but i went hiking on the appalachian trail during this summer .	get out ! me too ! i am an ex chef . you draw or paint ?	 i do both . i am also a writer of romance books under a pen name .	get out ! i write mexican cookbooks . any bestsellers ?	 yes , 10 to date ! do you like grateful dead ? when they toured i followed them .	oh okay and no . i breed cats for fun . you have a cat ?	 i do . i have dogs too . i prefer dogs over cats . what about you ?	wow ! no like dogs . cat are clean . so you a groupie ?	 no , just worked with them . not a fan of their music .	i see . you think i should teach cooking ?	 i do . it is a great thing to know whether you are young or old .	hmmm . old ? is 34 old ?
 hi ! how are you ? google is the best employer !	hey ! i am sleepy . . google ? what is this google ?	 google ? you have not heard of google ? why are you sleepy ?	oh , i work everyday at 4am . i am a butcher . i am not familiar with google though	 i see . next you are going to say you have not heard of googles self driving car	you know i think i saw that on vols home page . amazing time to be alive !	 well , i worked on that self driving card research . i am into computers , techie things	i do not get out of my condo much but i will keep an eye out !	 how old are you ? what do you do for fun ?	i am in my mid 40s but i like to listen to opera . how about you ?	 i like to read about science and math and do nerdy things	haha how about food ? what do you eat ?	 anything logical and rational , i will eat what do you like to eat ?	well . . my favorite is a nice t bone . grass fed and finished of course . you ?	 sounds good ! do you share that food with someone ? are you married ?	was married , she is a singer . we do not see much of each other these days
 hello there , friend ! what are you up to this very fine day ?	i am baking cookies for my three daughters !	 yum ! what kind of cookies ? is it a surprise for them ?	yes ! a surprise . chocolate chip , with my secret ingredient .	 chocolate chip is my favorite ! secret ingredient , huh ? i can keep a secret . hint hint !	i put a little dab of molasses in them . so good ! my daughters think i am wonderful .	 molasses , you say ? clever ! you sound like a good parent . i do not have kids yet .	my mother came over from saudi arabia . three generations of women here in this house !	 i live alone and get really lonely , so i spend a lot of time at festivals .	festivals can be fun ! what else do you like to do ? do you work ?	 i just started a new online job working for a meal delivery service . what do you do ?	i just cook and bake for my family . it is so wonderful !	 what is your favorite thing to bake ? cookies ?	cookies , brownies , pies , so many things . i do not have a favorite .	 wow , your house must smell incredible !	i should try your meal delivery service , though . i could take a break !
 hi ! how are you today ?	i am great how are you ?	 just fine thank you . i am busy at work designing video games	awesome , do you work for a big studio ?	 yes i do , but i would like to have my own startup company one day	well it seems you are saving and making connections so it should work out .	 thank you ! if you are interested you can join me	that would be awesome , but i am afraid i am not quite skilled in that field	 i can help you out as long as you have the passion !	your totally right , why not then	 great ! i can use people like you at my startup . do you have a family ?	yeah i have a wife , and a young son	 me too ! my wife just god laid off unfortunately	that is not good , where did she work ?	 she was in hr , but we will make it by	well it seems like she is skilled so i am sure she will find new work
 hello i am pat and i am 23	hello . i am denmark moises and i am 98	 i have a black and white cat name seven of nine	i have 17 toes . lol lol	 ewww i am a full time student at michigan state	oh that is really good	 my favorite shoe is dancing with the stars	oh that is a great shoe	 i love to sing broadway tunes	go for it ! that sounds fun	 i have a job at the coffee house	oh that is a yummy jpb	 what a wonderful night it is	yes yes , it is nce and muggy	 its windy i wish it would rain again	gross ere . ok ok ok
 hi ! how are you ? my iq is 125 . whats yours ?	hey there , i am good . my iq is 250 , not too shabby !	 wow , considering 130 is the max . do you have any siblings ?	negative , no siblings . ma and pa died in a plane crash long ago . you ?	 wow , sorry ! me too no siblings and no parents .	have any pets ? dogs , cats , fish ?	 no pets . it will be hard to travel , if i have them . i always do that alone , btw	oh nice , i have a boxer pup . always wanted to do more travel though .	 what food do you like ?	generally anything . not a fan of lima beans . . how about yourself ?	 steak ! its my favorite ! what do you like to do for fun ?	i like to listen to opera . i find it really centers me .	 maybe that could hlp me sleep . generally , i sleep hours night .	dargo , what do you do while you are awake ? learn stuff ?
 hello , how are you today ?	i am pretty good ! yourself ?	 i am doing well . tell me about yourself .	i enjoy running marathons and watching weird foreign films on netflix . do you have hobbies ?	 yes i do . i love eating at restaurants and i love nature .	nice ! i personally hate eating out because people in general make me nervous .	 really ? you have social anxiety .	yeah , i also do not enjoy social obligations . what do you like about nature ?	 what is your all time favorite color ? i love the overall feel of nature .	nice ! i like black . you ?	 i am a fan of blue .	blue is pretty ! what do you do for a living ?	 i work full time in an office .	me too ! my dad wants me to inherit an appliance store but i do not want it .
 hello , how are you today ?	hi i am doing ok listening to bach how are you	 i am well . getting ready to play some music actually .	what kind of music do you like	 mostly guitar music , because i love to play songs on the guitar . how about you ?	i love classical music but will listen to anything i even love the voice	 that is a great show . do you have any other hobbies ?	i go to museums every chance i get	 awesome . i myself enjoy a good go cart race .	that sounds like fun . do you like to travel	 not particularly . forces me to eat fast food , which i hate .	i have to go somewhere new once a year	 that is pretty exciting . i do like to fish in new places .	fishing is always fun i took my cousin once and he was scared of the worms
 hi ! i just started my new job at burger king today !	i love burger king ! i just got my first car !	 congrats ! i love burger king as well ! i get to eat it everyday now ! !	watch your calories ! how old are you ? i am 18	 i just turned 20 last thursday .	happy late birthday ! are you in college then ? i am going to florida state	 thank you . i am in college . i want to start krav maga classes too .	what are those ? i am going to be majoring in business . what is your major ?	 basically israeli martial arts . my major is education .	that is super cool ! i was lucky enough to get a full scholarship thankfully !	 that is great ! i hardly get any financial aid .	that sucks ! education is so expensive ! what grade do you want to teach ?	 i am looking to teach high school . i find it very interesting .	i just graduated from there ! with honors because of teachers like you one day !	 awesome ! i hope i can be that inspirational teacher . that is a real desire of mine .	it really is important for teachers to be that way ! they are bigger influences than people think !
 what are you up to today ?	waiting to go on a camping trip . and you ?	 oh that is great . i love the outdoors . i am just studying	we are going to hike in the trees up to little house where we stay .	 that is really amazing . where are you from ?	california where there is still lots of trees .	 so cool . i am from cali too !	wow ! maybe you would like to go and paddle around in the water	 we should do that sometime . what do you do for work ?	retired now so lots of time to spend on the water .	 i can not wait to be retired . right now i am still going to school	do you do any water sports ?	 i love water sports . it is fun to get soaked	i agree but also fun to use equipment in the water	 very dangerous but well worth it when everyone is happy	yes , i also go overseas sometimes and see how other people live .
 hi there ! how are you ! i am sad because i used to own six cats	i am fine . what happened to your cats ?	 i did not see them run away because 200 feet is how far i can see	oh okay , what do you do for a living ?	 i depend on my spouse who was a high school friend	i am a plumber , disgusting but lucrative	 yes ! since i do not know how to write , i cannot do much	oh you poor thing . maybe someone can teach you	 yes , although i do know how to dial 911 . i had a terrible headache one day	is there anything that you can do ?	 no , just sit here and be sad that i had six cats and now i do not	lol well ok . i speak fluently in four languages and help the boy scouts	 my high school friend that i married helps with boy scouts	it is a real joy , teaching the young ones	 i bet . i wish i had a good teacher like that	it is never too late to learn
 hi how are you doing ?	doing well thanks ! spending the day with my kids which is great . you ?	 i am good thanks for asking	glad to hear . any plans for this weekend ?	 no not really maybe go hiking	hiking is always fun . i bring my wife and two kids to the mountains when i can .	 what do you do for a living ?	i am a pediatrician . i have got my own practice taking care of kids .	 what city are you from ?	i am in dallas , texas . not my home town but here we are now ! you ?	 i used to live on corinth . do you know where that is ?	not the slightest idea . is it in europe ?
 hello , can you tell me a little about yourself ?	hi nothing much crazy a fluffy , pretty lady . . sandy	 ah , its a pleasure to meet you . do you have any kids ?	yaa . . one little baby girl	 i have three of my own !	you have a busy life then . .	 very busy . i am also going back to school right now .	that is cool . . what is the major ?	 trying to become a casino manager . fingers crossed !	good luck . . i used to go to casinos when i was in newyork quite often	 they are a lot of fun . i learned how to count cards in blackjack a while ago .	hm . . interesting . . i am just a roulette player	 it was a pleasure talking to you !	same here . . nice meeting you
 hi , do you want to go to the park ?	i would love to , having only 6 months to live i want to enjoy life	 cool . i live close so i will not stress about not having a car .	you like fish for supper ? we can have that afterwards ?	 sure , have you ever had a purple fish ?	food , i love fried fish . has to be lactose free though allergies never had a pet fish	 you should get a pet fish . a purple one .	maybe i should . name is justin bieber . love justin bieber	 do you want to be my child ?	i am not sure . i am not any good at doing regular expressions .	 do you want to listen to some podcasts ?	sure , what are they about ?	 anything . there are a whole bunch of different kinds .	are there any about fish , or justin bieber ?	 yes , we can listen to those .	sounds good to me . sorry if i am a bit expressionless
 hi how ar you doing	hi i am doing good how are you	 i am good just getting back from a run	wow you must be in shape . i am not very active	 i stay at home with the kids so i have extra time	that is good , i could not handle kids i cannot even handle a dog	 i try to stay very organized	that is a good quality to have . what do you like to do besides run	 i cook a lot for my family	i go outside to listen to my neighbors arguments at night ,	 that is kind of weird hear anything interesting ?	not really my mom does make up for celebrity when they are on a movie set	 that is cool have you been with her on set	no she does not trust me and i feel like i am to shallow to go
 hello how are you doing	i used to be a liar	 ok that is nice ? i guess ?	i give everyone a chance	 do you swim in the water	i have the name albert	 i read very well for fun	i like to dip in ranch	 where are you from where do you live	the outside cliffs of my mind	 ok this is going no where how many turns till this is done	i am not sure , i will be in court	 i hope we do not get paired again	i am sorry . why do not you have fun ?	 this is not fun its nonsense	you are making money , smile
 hey there bro . how is it going ?	i am doing good just feeding my snake	 sweet ! do you feed your snake beer ?	no i do not . have you ever went skydiving ?	 not yet , i do not think a plane could lift me .	do you like to play video games ?	 yes but whenever i play , someone always screws up .	i understand . what games pay ?	 halo is fine . where are you from ?	i am from the planet saturn	 are you an alien or something ?	i am also a famous character online	 are you in a video game ?	all i can think about is moving away	 would you like to move to san francisco ?	are there nice gentlemen there that like women with 4 breasts ?
 what are you doing right now ?	getting ready to go to work at target . you ?	 basically the same . i work as a mortician so i prepare dead bodies	ugh , that must be difficult work . do you have any pets ?	 no i do not , but i am a stamp collector so that keeps me busy	nice . i have an amazing dog . i buy her a treat everyday after work .	 you are a good pet owner then !	i try . where are you from ?	 i am from texas . what about you ?	i live in california .	 oh is it nice out there ?	it is . do you have a favorite color ?	 yes ! i absolutely love teal and yellow . you ?	cool ! i really love the color green .
hi , how it is going today ?	it is going great today ; everyday is great in my ford truck .	 oh . i am eating a piece of fried chicken .	right on . i do not allow fired chicken in my ford truck .	 what do you do for a living ?	i work on ford trucks . do you have a ford truck ?	 no , i drive a toyota .	i am so sorry . you should get yourself a ford truck . mine is black .	 i am not . i love my toyota .	well okay . how about a ford car ? they are just as good .	 nope , hardcore toyota family . my wife drives a 4runner .	why do they call it a 4runner ?	 because it will run forever .	oh , i thought it was because 4 wheeler was taken .	 oh . that does not make much sense .	are you kidding me ? do you know any jokes ?
 hi , how are you today ?	hi i am good , and you ? i am in colorado , where are you ?	 i m in florida , i really like colorado . i m a writer	i love it here , own my own home . what do you write ?	 horror , i am also gluten free	interesting , how is gluten free ? my favorite thing is my blue car .	 is good , i enjoy rock climbing	nice , that sounds fun . i have my mba degree .	 do you like dogs ? i have one	i love dogs , i have a chihuahua terrier mix .	 what color is your hair ? mine is black	that must look nice , i am a brunette .
 hello , do you like animals ?	what kind of animals ? i am definitely a dog person over cats .	 i love all animals , especially my 4 cats . i do not eat meat because of that .	i like most animals , but i have no aversion to eating meat .	 i understand . what do you do for fun ?	i love sports ! especially hockey . how about you ?	 i see a hockey game every fall when i visit my sister in toronto .	i love the maple leafs ! they are my favorite team .	 really ? mine too . what is your occupation ?	i am a teacher . how about you ?	 i sell cars , which is weird because i take the subway everyday to work .	you must live in a larger city . where do you live ?	 new york city . i might start driving . i saw a clown on the subway today .	i think i would be more afraid to drive in ny than to take the subway .	 i am less afraid to drive as i am terrified of clowns though .	have you seen it ?	 no way . i heard it was good but too scary for me . you ?	i have seen the old television version and read the book .
hiya ! whats up . i just came in from working in the garden . tomatoes are crazy !	that is cool ! are you in college ?	 yeah . i study photograph . love b w . how about you ?	i am taking a couple of science classes . i just started . what year are you ?	 senior . after i graduate , i am moving to france to study as a chef .	luckyyyyy . i am still living at home why not take food science courses ?	 i am dying to learn classic french cuisine . my boyfriend is french , so . . .	do you cook with your own tomatoes ? grow any other vegetables ?	 i do use my toms , plus carrots and onions i grow	i work at the campus library , maybe that will help me learn to do cool things !	 sure ! libraries are excellent for discovering new things	and for free entertainment ! brokelife
 how are you doing today ?	how are you doing today	 good just got back from a ride .	that is cool how was your ride	 was great if only my horse could give me advice !	lol that be kind of weird if that happen	 what are you up to today ? yeah it would be .	hanging with my family and making my sons cake	 is it for his birthday ?	yeah his birthday was a couple days ago	 what do you do for fun ?	bake and hang with my family	 how old did he turn ?	he has turned 1	 do you live in the suburbs ?	no i do not do you
 what is up , party person ?	nothing much just enjoying a day off work what about you	 oh , just waiting for my toenails to dry .	lol are they fast drying ?	 oh , yeah , super fast . but i put like twelve coats on there .	wow that might take some time . where do you work	 i am kind of between jobs . my credit card bills are , like , whoa .	i work for google as an engineer	 are you researching those cars that drive themselves ?	no i work on the software for their computers	 that is awesome . i can barely get my computer to work most days .	they can be stubborn at times . where are you from	 i live in los angeles with my dad .	that is good i am in seattle
 hello ! how are you doing ?	i am doing okay , its the one year anniversary of my parents death	 www . i am sorry to hear that .	its okay , we have come to terms with the loss . how are you ?	 i am good . that makes me want to spend more time with my own family .	what hobbies do you enjoy ?	 i like playing sports with my friends . i also love concerts . country mostly . you ?	i love music , i listen to it almost constantly !	 what kind ? music is a great thing !	classic rock ! any of the little things in life are what bring me joy	 my family loves rock ! they live across the country from me . do not see em much .	that is unfortunate . if you visit them , i recommend not taking the bus . its the worst	 i really cannot stand the bus so i do not think i would take it haha .	yes , i refused to take the bus as well . trains are much better
 hello	hello . how are you doing ?	 good and you ?	i am doing well . i just finished closing at the store .	 you own your own business ?	no . i work at a party store in town .	 oic . ima hairdresser	that is cool . other than work , what have you been up to lately ?	 i love to go clubbing	cool ! the club here would have special events during christmas . my fave holiday .	 where are you from ?	raised in northern california but not sure where i was born .
hi there , just relaxing before starting a big week at school .	hey , have you heard of the lumineers ? i love their songs so much .	 no . are they very new ? i may be too old to have heard of them .	not very . they make me happy though , i listen to them on sunny days when i walk .	 where do you walk . i like to walk on the toronto islands near me .	that sounds nice ! i spend a lot of time at the park reading and walking .	 yes , i remember reading a whole book in the park in 2011 .	no way ! do you like singing ? we should be friends !	 i sing to myself , but the only time i had a good voice was boy soprano !	aw you must have been so cute !	 yes , i was . where do you live ? in the u . s . ?	yes , in the north east	 i am in toronto . we are japanese immigrants .	i would love to hear stories about it sometime .	 in that case , i will tell you sometime lol !	i am looking foward to it !
 how are you doing this evening ?	a little tired , my daughter wore me out . how about you ?	 i am good , the weather was beautiful here today . i love fall .	i do too . i love going to the park , so beautiful and relaxing	 are you looking forward to pumpkin spice everything ? ahahah	eh , not too much . i like pumpkin but not the excess of it . you ?	 i do not like all the pumpkin spice stuff either .	i like to decorate with them but i do not have much room in my apartment	 i watch a lot of tv , do you have any favorite shows ?	not really , with a 7 year old in the house , its a lot of cartoons	 i like to go fishing , how about you ?	i have taken my daughter to the creek and catch little fish . what do you fish ?	 mostly trout . i also work on cars .	i wish my boyfriend would learn something useful like that , ahahah	 how long have you and your boyfriend been together ?	just under a year . how about you ? anyone in your life ?
 hi how are you today ?	hello , i am well . where do you live ?	 i am a barbie girl so a mansion	that is great i relocated to ny so i can study in this great school for designing	 are you an only child ?	i am not sure my desire is to become a fashion designer . how about you ?	 i go by nancy ! you ?	have you heard of alexander mcqueen and coco chanel ? they are my inspiration !	 the talking race cars ? ll	ll . no they talk about them in the prestigious designing school .	 that is very odd to talk about	well that is because i really enjoy shopping and i am inspired in stylish stores as well	 whats your name ? i am nancy	i am not sure nancy . do you have any desires
 hello ! how are you today ?	i am doing great ! i am just snuggling with my cat .	 cats are cool ! i have a cat name mike trout	ah , a sports fan . i am more of a geek myself	 that is fun . i am only 19 and made our college baseball team	talented much ? lol ! my only skills are mashing buttons on my vg controller .	 ohhhh that sounds like much fun	it really is ! do you play video sports too or just real ones ?	 just the real ones , not a big game person	i understand . they are not for everyone . what else do you like to do ?	 i like to shop at sport stores	i am more comfortable in suspenders than sports attire . . . lol !	 that is really funny ! never wore those	i say they look sweet , but they can kind of hurt my shoulders sometimes .	 are they really heavy on the shoulders ?	a little , but they go with my whole nerd persona , so i put up with it .
 hi , i just started a new job at an elementary school	congrats ! i do not want to get a job , haha .	 oh really ? are you going to school ? i also just graduated , majored in education	nope , i am 32 , i just do not want a job .	 do you have kids ? i love kids	i would hope so if you are gonna teach them ! no , no kids .	 yeah i am very excited about teaching . what do you do for fun ?	play videogames , eat pizza . i am living the life !	 sounds relaxing ! i am still settling in to my new apartment	i would like an apartment , i still live with my parents .	 you should look into college !	i do not know , i feel weird going to college at 32 .
 hi . how are you doing ? i am married with kids . you ?	i drive a blue van	 lol . what do you do in your blue van ? been to any wine tours recently ?	i can not really say	 it is ok , i will not tell . you can trust me . really .	oh no , its too bad . i have tattoos	 yes , tattoos are bad . definitely bad . i will warn my two sons about you .	oh good . wait , i am not bad	 really ? ok . sometimes bad is good , right ? do you at least drink wine ?	no no , i cannot drink	 oh , ok . so what do you do for fun , when not driving the blue van ?	i recycle alot of things	 that is good . now i see you not bad . lol . do you find recycling fun ?	oh yes , great fun ! i recycle cats	 how do you recycle a cat ? ? ? both my sons love cats by the way .	i love to rub against them
hi there , how are you today ?	great . i have 8 children and a wife . what about you ?	 i am still trying to start my day i am so lazy .	my secret is insecurity . i should not be though .	 wow that is a lot of kids how do you handle that ?	i handle it with food . i think i am hungry always .	 same there i love pork anything pork	i need one more thing to complete my life a little red corvette	 i do all the shopping for my family and i buy port all the time	i like grilled pork best . how about you ?	 that sounds good , i can see it now driving with the top down .	that would be so cool . what is your fav car ?	 i like grilling , carne asada the best	i never heard of that . what is it ?	 i have a mercedes benz but it is a sub	those are good cars too
hi ! i work at the zoo and have trained more than 20 types of animals !	wow ! that sounds like a lot of fun . i like forest animals a lot	 my wife is a zookeeper as well with me .	cool ! do you and your wife have kids ?	 yes we have a daughter who just graduated valedictorian from high school .	she sounds impressive ! what types of things do you enjoy doing for fun ?	 i love watching nature documentaries .	nice . i like nature a lot . i enjoy exploring the forest .	 what is your favorite part ?	i really like the solitude of it .	 yes that is a very pleasant feeling .	i also shop way too much . i love buying things .	 what sort of things do you buy ?	pretty much anything ! i just like the rush of it	 haha that is the opposite of me . i just about never buy anything	your way is definitely smarter . i think i might be addicted to spending money
 hi . i have tons of friends . will you be my friend ?	i do not believe in committing that quickly , but i would like to get to know you	 okay . do you have pets ? i love dogs and kitties . i am nine .	i do love kittens . when i was your age i had a black and white kitten	 aw really ? my parents wo not let me have one , but i am always lonely .	are you parents in the room with you ?	 no . my dad is at the mill , and my mom is tutoring . she is a teacher .	is there a grown up with you ? i would like to meet them too !	 no i am alone . my house is big . so i am safe .	i bet your mum would love to see how we get to talk to each other	 nope . she is too busy . my dad is too . all my friends are online .	tell me more about your friends	 they are all over the world . but they all talk to me .	i would love to meet them ! can you tell me how make friends like you ?	 just be nice , and friendly . oh and know when to listen .	how do you do that online ?
 i am a trooper , for michigan state , so watch out !	wow go blue i live in seattle	 jeb and george are the names of my 2 siberian huskies , license please !	i grew up being a buddhist what relation and type of food do u like	 food , i love chocolate cake , with frosting , extra frosting , registration now !	i like vegan food . . . i really love bon over for music	 that explains things , i have got 4 kids , all daughters , you have a twilight out !	i work in seattle for public relations	 my huskies are siberian , both of them ! hands on the wheel !	cool what u do for fun	 i like the guitar , i can play it !	cool i play the drums
hello , what is your favorite car ?	i drive a fiat . they remind me of home	 i rebuild classic muscle cars , they remind me of times with my dad	yea , i moved to america as a teenager so we did not have many around .	 nice ! did you ever watch jeopardy ? i was a contestant , twice .	no , i spend most my free time cooking .	 i do not cook , never learned how . i like to eat though .	there is always time to learn !	 i used to be an alcoholic , and many of my recipes have alcohol in them	i do not know what kind of cooking you are doing	 mainly italian recipes from my grandmother , she put wine in everything .	you do not have to use it .	 it would not taste right without it .	do you have any children ?
 hey how are you doing ?	i am doing great planning to get out on some water later	 oh do you have a boat ?	no , i have a buddy with a small fishing boat	 oh that is cool , any siblings ?	yes , i have two and yourself	 i have a younger sister	my sister is younger than me and i have an older brother	 not bad . do you like sports ?	yes , i love to watch football	 i am a soccer player . do you have any pets ?	cool , i do have a pet . dog to be exact	 me too , a golden retriever	great dog , i have a labrador myself	 oh that is cute , i love dogs	it belonged to my dad who worked as a k 9 officer
 hi , what are you up to ?	hi there , i have just been researching race cars as i have some free time	 oh sounds exciting ! i am just reading at the park , my favorite hobby	cool . sometimes my three best friends and i go to the park	 sounds like a good time ! friends are pretty rare for me . .	i am sorry to hear that . you want to be my friend ?	 well i am in a wheelchair . . is that a problem ?	you can play video games and enjoy sports cars in a wheelchair right ?	 oh definitely ! i love some old school video games . what do you play ?	mainly games with cars . weird for a girl i know	 hey me too , i love racing games	when i am not playing games , i am usually swimming . one of my passions .	 oh , do you live near a lake or ocean ?	i live near a lake . were you always in a wheelchair ?	 no , i was in a bad accident that left me paralyzed from the waist down	i am so sorry to hear that . how long has it been ?
 well hello there , how are you today ?	i am great and how about you ?	 doing pretty well . i got up pretty early today .	whats yoru favorite color eh ?	 i am fond of the color grey , what about you ?	my favorite color is pink . you married ?	 i am not married . but it lets me focus more on my job . what about you ?	i got married to my sweetheart	 well that sounds sweet . i work in newspapers , do you do anything for a living ?	i do not is your mom alive ?	 she is , has yours passed away ?	she did . very sad stuff eh	 it sounds like it . do you have a hobby to take your mind off it ?	not really just like being alone
hello how are you today ?	i am well enjoy my hot lemon tea in nashville	 sounds nice , right now i am overseas on a military base 12343	thank you for protecting us . i work at a university .	 do not thank me , its easy as pie . i get a different woman every night and beer too	in academia an i am deeply connected to environment	 that is boring lets talk about me more since i am the best	you are not an when i am free i listen to music .	 my one son who is more entertaining . i had him at 25 which was right now	oh okay then i cannot wait to leave .	 now getting back to me , i was a wrestler in my youth	you are pretty rude this can end immediately .	 i am not rude , i am just talking about me which is awesome	too you it may seem but to me . . .
 how are you doing tonight ?	i am doing good and you ?	 good now that i am in my house way from the dark	are you afraid of the dark ?	 yes but my mom always protect me	do you ever watch scary movies ?	 yes as long as there is no broccoli	you know that its good for you right ?	 yeah but its different when all you do is design video games	what do you do ? i thought you were a kid	 ll no i make video games	u were talking about veggies	 yuck i hate to eat broccoli	have you seen the conjuring ?
hello !	hello ! do you have any hobbies ?	 i read a lot . i like being alone .	ya me too . i like to just chill with my dog	 that is me . what do you do for work ?	i am studying to be an engineer .	 cool . i am a waitress at a cafe .	what type of restaurant ?	 italian restaurant .	i love pizza !	 yep . its one of our bestsellers .	do you have a favorite color ?	 blue .	cool . mine is red .	 red is a nice color too .	do you have any siblings ? i do not .
mia khalifa plays video games	i see	 i rebuilt a diesel all day and was like damn	i taught my daughters how to bake some pie and cook a dish	 why you always bring up yo daughters ? you know my baby mama cut me	that is just what i did today , its my passion . that is sad	 coo coo , so whats up ?	not a lot , you have any plans this weekend ?	 drink , drink , rebuild the nova , drink	wood drinking !	 right ? my dog drinks too , you gonna roll or what .	yes	 coo , i will be out front	ok sounds good , see you soon
hi how are you doing tonight	i am great , i am baking cookies ! how are you ?	 you are baking cookies and i am eating tacos my favorite	that is really nice . we went riding on our horses today , do you ride ?	 yes i do ride horses i love horses but i also love cats i have three	that is so nice ! we picked our roses today from our garden .	 . i do secretarial work what do you do for a living	i do not work . i just bake and take care of my kids . . . you ?	 no family just my cats but i love to go swimming	my mother was a teacher , i wish that maybe i had taught .	 i had some really good teachers i love my algebra teacher	i did not do well in algebra , but its all good .
 hello how are you today	great ! ! i just found out that i am going to be playing college baseball	 great i am looking forward to reading the most recent political thriller	i enjoy reading . have you heard of mike trout ? he is my favorite player	 no i have not just getting back into reading more often	i just love baseball its my life i will be playing shortstop	 i spend too much time listening to fall out boy record everyday	lol i think we all have our things that we are involved in	 baseball is a great sport loved it as a kid	me too and just kept going lol	 sounds great are striving for the major league or a minor league ?	yeah but it will take some time for sure .	 time and effort is all you need to succeed	yes that is true with most anything is not it ?	 yes it is , do you play for a team now ?	my college team not professional
 hi there	hey	 tell me about yourself	well my biggest hobby is collecting toys wearing little rain coats	 oh nice . why is that ?	they help me	 help you do what ?	ignore my thoughts about the neighbor pool boy ;	 what thoughts do you have about the pool boy ? do you fancy him ?	he is quite pleasant to look at	 have you talked to him about this ?	i do not think so . . . . i do tend to hear some voices that remind me of him	 voices ? like in your sleep or in your head ?	both , i cannot decide which is worse
 hi . just got done helping at the humane society in my neighborhood .	that is great . i am eating a snack . thinking about my dad	 yeah . family is the best . i have a twin brother . we have an apartment .	that is cool . my dad taught me everything i know	 that is cool . what do you do for work ? my indie band rocks . i am drummer .	a fisherman . my dad cooked then he was a bartender	 wow . did he teach you to fish , too ?	he did and i am grateful for it . i enjoy my job	 yeah . me too . someday i will reach another dream . skydiving .	that is cool . i am scared of heights	 i can understand that . my twin brother is too .	really ? who goes skydiving with you	 my friend . guess it is good to have friends . what are your hobbies ?	i like cooking . riding horses . and gardening	 ooh . i like to eating cooking ! do you make good cookies ?	i cook some good cookies
hi just came in from walking . so , glad i do not have school today .	hi , me too . needed a break from college work this week . lol	 is it true that less busy work happens in college ?	yeah , its straight to the point and you write a lot of papers .	 better than being bored all day , i want summer back	i ready to graduate so i can move out and live with my girlfriend luis .	 cool . i just met my gf this summer .	awesome . i am driving my mustang to meet mine later .	 cool . i wish i had a car .	i wish i did not live with my parents right now .	 yeah . i thought people get to move out for college ?	i did at first but had to move home to finish up school . saving money .	 ah . well at least you get to finish . i get it .	yeah , looking forward to being done with it .	 what are you going to do when you are done ?	try to get a job in the tech sector and work my way up .
care to chat with a justin timberlike fan ? he is my fav !	sure i am not much of a fan tho	 its ok , ev1 has their own	what do you do for a living ?	 i am a stay at home mom full time to 2 great boys	i love to read john gresham books . not too crazy about the books	 i enjoy riding horses do u have any hobbies ?	i am awesome at playing the guitar	 that is wonderful have you played any gigs ?	no its more of a hobby	 well , that is okay too have any plans for the weekend ?	i am gonna stay home and read	 oh , so a quiet weekend	how about you ? any plans ?
 so i am feeling pretty good today . how about you ?	pretty bad . just divorced . but i am glad you are having a nice day	 aw , that sounds awful . let me guess , not compatible ? or did this person cheat ? !	he just does not like my glasses	 astonishing ! what a horrible , horrible man . . .	he is . whats going on with you	 just enjoying the single life ! enjoying my 6 piece chicken mcnuggets , etc .	i cannot wait to enjoy mcnuggets again ! i hope my ex did not ruin them forever	 no ex can ruin the mcnuggets . ever ! trust me , you will see the light again . . . at mcdonald	i would typically agree but you do not know the things we did with mcnuggets	 . . . oh god .	do not even get me started on big macs . . . my fellow librarians would not approve
 do you want to go surfing with me ?	hello how are you yes , i would enjoy that	 i am okay , i am a little stressed if i am being honest .	what time are you expected to leave ? where is the meeting point ?	 at the hotel , when i get off work maybe .	honesty is always best . whats up ? why stressed ? can i help ?	 not saving money very well i guess	please be more specific . lots of places are near by	 for college , i am poor	totally relatable . that can be a stressor	 do you want to give me money	ask your boss for more hours .	 i did he said no chance	when we are done surfing lets go to a rummage sale .	 i guess that sounds fine . will you buy me something ?	they are always fun . lots of cool stuff
 hi there , how are you ?	i am good . tell me a little about yourself .	 well , i am deaf , so i read a lot .	i love to read too , mostly the bible and religious materials .	 oh yes , i love the bible . being a man of religion myself .	do you like to travel ?	 i do , especially on 747s . i love the number 7	interesting . i took a 747 on my recent vacation in england .	 i am actually from there . i never learned to dive as public transport is so good	public transport drives me crazy ! i get so annoyed .	 just take a good book and i quite enjoy it	the whole experience annoys me . do you watch tv ?	 yes , i love tv . specifically channel 7	i like jeopardy myself and wheel of fortune .	 oh , they do not show those on channel 7 . what else do you like ?	i go to church daily and a weekly bible study .
 hi how are you ?	hi hows your day going ? i am okay .	 good where do you live ? i live in colorado	i live in north carolina . what do you do ? i am trying to start an online business .	 that is cool i just got married	awesome ! remember happy wife , happy life .	 haha so true .	do you like to workout ?	 yeah living in colorado i like the outdoors	that is great , i wish i had a view of the mountains .	 its nice . do you have a car ?	i drive a 2016 toyota corolla . how about you ?	 mines blue	what do you like to do ?	 a lot of things what about you ?	yoga and relaxing , just pretty easy going .
 hey there how are you ?	hello , how are you ? i am getting ready for a kayaking trip , i love kayaking !	 doing great so busy with all of my friends , kayaking ? more like taking to me haha	haha , to each their own . whats your favorite meal ?	 if makeup could be a meal then i would eat it , you ?	crab dipped in butter , with a bit of lemon on top ; reminds me of childhood .	 that actually sounds good ! a dash of pepper could be better .	i also love flying model airplanes till this day ; that reminds me of childhood too .	 i like to put on makeup and everything makeup as i got a great smile	i enjoy running six miles a day	 running ? mall walking is funner haha	i used to think that way too , but that runners high !	 like that show family guy haha with the dog ?	haha i love it , peter is my man .
 i will be giving water ski lessons if you are interested .	that sounds like a lot of fun . where ?	 at boardwalk , i spend a lot of time in the water there . what do you do ?	i am a professional gamer	 is there a lot of money in that ? the volunteer work i do does not pay much .	there is a lot of pay in it if you are good . volunteering is noble .	 after my dad died i wanted to give back so i go to nursing homes .	that is a very noble profession	 not like my dad , he served and protected . . . until they got the best of him .	why not go into the army then ?	 with my height , i would be an easy target . i do not like guns either .	i am do not like guns either	 all that green and gray does not go well with all the red i wear these days .	what is your favorite color ?	 would have to be red . is there a lot of blood and gore in your games ?	occasionally . i am good at shooter zombie games
 hey there ! i am just taking a break from baking . whats up ?	finishing plans for my wedding in the park next week ! what are you baking ?	 how romantic ! just some cupcakes for the surf a thon . gotta feed my fellow surfers	gnarly ! reminds me of the niagra falls where we are taking our honeymoon .	 wow sounds so sweet ! so we both love the water huh ?	yeah , although i would prefer the beach . the falls are her idea .	 haha its sweet you compromised . have you been together long ?	7 years . you would think my family would like her by now but they do not .	 i get it . . . i grew up an army brat and my family is so disapproving of me too .	that is sad . she is crazy though , wants my dog to be the ring bearer .	 but would not that be just adorable ?	if the dog would listen , and hopefully not have to potty during the ceremony .	 it should work out ! that is what i say before going to my hospital shifts	long hours ! definitely deserve a break by surfing !	 yeah ! its hard work being a nurse . good luck on your wedding and family !	thank you . good luck at the surf event !
 hello , do you have an hobbies ?	hi ! i do , i love reading , music and crafting , especially knitting . what about you ?	 i love cooking authentic ethnic food and drawing .	oh yum ! how old are you , and what do you like to draw ?	 a lady never tells , but my greek family came to america half a century ago	haha okay , fair enough . what was your first car ?	 i no longer drive . what was your first car ?	i do not have one yet , i am saving up right now !	 my husband drove . what do you look like ? i am very tall with curly hair .	i am average height with red hair . did you attend college ?	 yes . are you planning on going ?	yes , i am currently taking a year off , but i plan to go next year .	 what will be your major ?	i think psychology . what was yours ?
 i am just spending time with my dog today .	my brother has a dog i hate that thing	 mine is named socks . he is really smart and cute .	i bet socks smells bad . your car must stink , what do you drive ?	 i drive a lexus and it smells just fine .	well i drive the most expensive car you could imagine	 good for you i guess .	i need a drink , how about you sonny ?	 i am a woman . i do not drink .	well sonny , its time you learned , lets hit up the pub ?	 i like the atmosphere in pubs .	finally , something we have in common	 yes . i go to them often to eat and people watch .	speaking my language , lets race there	 i am not very fast so you would win .	of course i would win
 hello , do you know sign language ?	naw , brah . just thumbs up	 oh , okay . i am deaf . do you read ?	naw , man . i just skate all day . i barely even read for my classes	 you should try the old man and the sea .	naw , brah . i do not read for fun . too busy crushing on my co worker	 is she a reader ? ladies love men who read .	brah , she is more interested in my sick skating tricks than books	 do you play hockey ? or are you a figure skater ?	skateboarder man ! tony hawk is my hero ! !	 i am sorry , i have never heard of him .	no prob bob . we gucci	 do you have a car ? i do not know how to drive .	naw , i just skate and spend all my money on candy	 candy is great . one of my favorites .	now you are speaking my language . what do you like ?
 hey how is it going ? !	how are you doing tonight	 great just finished up a delicious pizza for dinner . what about you ?	eating dinner as we speak	 nice watching the baseball game ?	who all is playing and who is your favorite team	 washington nationals is my favorite and they are playing , i like all sports teams	i like the orioles which is md team	 nice i like them too !	that is cool what about football	 i like packers for football , but prefer baseball	my favorite team is the seahawk	 cool are you from seattle ?	no i am from md but i hate heavens	 oh nice i agree with you there !	i have two teams steelers and seahawks
 hello , how are you today ?	good afternoon . i am great ! and how is your day so far ?	 its been good , just got back from some fishing , did not catch anything today though	oh wow ! i went fishing only once maybe 2 months ago and caught a baby flounder	 awesome ! i love summer so its always great to see people getting out and enjoying themselves	i think being in a boat surrounded by all that water is scary !	 agree , but i find it soothing to put on episodes of the lone ranger	game of thrones would be more like it .	 i am more of a classic radio kind of guy , have you heard of chickenman ? its hilarious !	no never heard of him .	 its a parody of batman . he had no skills and would take the bus to crime scenes .	that sounds hilarious . i may have to find that show	 you can find it on stitcher premium !	never heard of that either . is it an app	 yes , i enjoy listening to podcasts on it as i drive my chevy impala	growing up in alabama i have seen plenty of impalas
 hi ! how are you ? whats your favorite movie ?	i like musicals and movies about music . my favorite show is the voice .	 mike is magic mike ! you seem into music . i sing and enjoy it .	i love music . my other interest is swimming .	 how about video games ? do you like those ? i do .	yes but not the overly violent ones .	 what do you do and do you like it ? i teach and i like it .	i am in the navy .	 oh , nice ! where are you now ? i am in new york .	i am on assignment and cannot say where .	 fair enough ! if you were not there , where would you like to be ?	with my family at home . i miss them .
hi , how are you today ?	hey there , i am doing pretty well , you ?	 good , i am just listening to some insane clown posse .	sounds like fun , i am trying to hook up my smart box but i am technology dumb	 oh man me too , sorry i can not help you with that .	its all good , takes more coding than i know	 i like interior design better , that is what i do for a living .	interior design ? i love being outdoors , its my favorite	 i am over weight so i do not not out outside much	i spend a lot of time out doors with my puppy , he gets me outside	 i have a cat she is the world to me	i have 4 ! i love them to pieces , i would have more if i could	 right , me too . i would be that one cat lady neighbor lol	oh without a doubt that is already me ! who needs people
 hello , how are you tonight ?	hi . good . just got back from college . studying dental hygiene .	 i am in college as well , i am studying art history .	that sounds interesting . i like my studies , just not saliva . yuck . you ?	 that is going to make your career interesting . especially when someone has pizza .	yuck ! right now i work at a clinic . how about you , work or hobbies ?	 i do photography on the side .	bet that can be fun sometimes . i like ankle tattoos . mine is a rose .	 i have r2d2 on my ankle .	star wars , huh ? i like leah and her earrings , i only wear silver though .	 i love star wars , i used to have a cat named kenobi .	that is a great name for a pet . i do not have any pets .	 i have a dog now , her name is jasmine . i love animals .	sounds like it . they are great , as long as they are someone elses .
 hello ! how are you today	i am super fabulous and entirely superficial . even my sister in law hates me .	 that is not good , i would hate to have family hate me .	i do not care . tell me more about you .	 i like to go out to dinner and chat with friends and family . what about you	omg i need to go in for botox again ! did you say something ?	 you probably do not have many friends . do you like movies or books	no , i mostly like my louis vuitton bags . you probably like other things .	 i am more of a book , music , and long drives in the middle of nowhere person .	i was born rich , so i never had to work . and my haircut is the latest trend .	 wow that is so neat ! i have read a book series about someone like that .	i wish i knew why my brothers wife does not like me .	 maybe you should try to go to dinner with them	i suppose so , but only if its a place filled with beautiful people .	 or go to the movies . i love the movies !	maybe . did i telly that i am so very fabulous yet ?
 hey you , how was your day today ?	it was good i colored my hair purple today ! !	 that is weird lol i attended harvard university . did you go to school ?	how is that weird ? i am a hair stylist , and i have a salon !	 that is cool . i just think everyone should attend ivy league	oh well i am a little too old to go back to school	 ah you are never to old for that . i am a financial assistant	well . . i live on a big boat . . so i can just sail with my newly husband	 that sounds nice . i could not do it . i eat out way to much for that lol	so your boat will sink ?	 haha no . there just are not any restaurants in the ocean	oooh that so funny . sorry
 hi . . how was your weekend ? ?	hey ! it was pretty good . i slept a lot , haha . how was yours ?	 big party . . it was amazing	what kind of party ?	 regular get to gether with funds	was there music and dancing ?	 ya . . kind of a music party with dance	awesome . what kind of music ? bruno mars is my favorite	 i like elvis . . i am a bit old . . a mother of three	oh wow ! i am still in high school	 i am a nurse by job	is that a hard job ?	 hm . . little bit . . but not impossible	do you have to have really good grades to do something like that ?	 yaa . . i do work hard	i get a lot of ds and cs in school
 hello how are you this evening ?	just finishing up a great book and relaxing . how about you ?	 that sounds nice . i have been spending time with my three great danes .	a dog lover ! i enjoy being on my own right now . no one home but me .	 i lift weights in my spare time . what is your favorite food ?	pizza margherita with thin crust . whats yours ?	 that pizza sounds real good . i hate sweet potatoes .	but they are good for you . ever have sweet tater fries ?	 i run in my spare time , marathon winner . do you run ?	no . i had foot surgery can barely walk . i am rooting for you though .	 do you listen to music ? my favorite is all american rejects .	mine is dream theater . i love peaceful music .	 peaceful music sounds nice when you are trying to relax .	you got it ! but you love to run . are you a triathlete ?
 ! hi time of lot a spend i ! hi i ! hi	hello ! what do you like to do for fun ?	 ? enjoy you do what . ? makeup about all learning all learning	i like to hike and canoe . i am not as busy after graduating	 . . . chat crazy my for apologize i i	yeah this chat is weird ! how old are you ?	 i am i in my thirties	cool , i am in my twenties . what kind of work do you do ?	 i also take beauty classes . youtube . youtube makeup tutorials . .	oh that is so cool !	 what do you do since graduating ?	i work at a restaurant right now , but eventually i would like to teach !	 what subject . that is awesome !	thanks ! hopefully i will be able to teach english	 highschool , college , or a second language ? , second language ? ?	elementary school , actually ! i love kids
hi , how are you on this fine day ?	i am doing okay how are you today	 i am having a pretty good day so far .	that is good , are you married	 yes , but not on paper .	sometimes that is the best way i have been married twice my dog helped me find them	 i love animals , so i could see wanting to have someone that loves them too .	also someone that can tolerate my coffee addiction	 i used to live off coffee with all my late nights playing in a band .	coffee is so good i keep at least 5 different kinds at all times .	 wow you really do love coffee .	the best way to keep them fresh is by keeping them in the fridge	 someone once told me it dries out the beans .	i have never had a problem with them cold long as the bag has not been opened yet	 you probably do not have the bags that long with your habit .	depends on the week i stay up late a lot of work
 hello ! how are you doing today ?	hi , i am just fine thanks	 what are you doing this weekend ?	i am plan on going to a birthday party	 that sounds fun . is it for family ?	yes it is for my sister	 what do you do for work ?	i do care giver for the senior	 i work in a factory . it is exhausting .	yes i no what you mean , i use to	 i am playing guitar with my kids this weekend .	that sound good i love music	 what kind to you like most ?	i love the trumpet and just about all kind
hey , there ! how are you ?	ok , i am still wondering how i can read french but not write it	 acquiring language and writing language are two different and difficult tasks	oh , well my poetry would be better in french , so who are you	 my name is jane . my dad learned french when he was employed by ge .	oh , you must be rich . i quit high school to become a poet .	 no , not wealthy , sadly . aspiring songstress and tennis player .	well i am rich . thought you were . ge is a good company . you should sing a poem	 lyrics are as close to poetry as you can get . have you ever writter poems about color ?	sure , all the time . in all aspects to the word . tennis is good for networking	 what is your favorite color ? mine is green . . . like a tennis ball .	my favorite color is the color of the eyes of my lover	 interesting response . spoken like a true poet !	so where are you going , important minds want to know
 hi ! how are you today ?	fine , how do find the weather ?	 just lovely ! my dog and i love taking walks in this weather	i love it too and going to take a walk on the beach .	 if i had the money i would travel and maybe even to the beach	i can pay for you if you are willing to accompany me .	 sure ! you seem like a great person so far !	i just like meeting new people , have fun and dine with them .	 mmm i love food . i sometimes make match houses at restaurants	every one loves to eat unless they are sick .	 that is true haha i had a big lunch today	i had a simple lunch so that i make my supper heavy after beach .
how are you doing today	i am doing well , looking forward to learning something about you !	 what is your favorite thing	food is my favorite thing . do you have any interests ?	 coffee is the best thing	i gave up coffee after graduating college a few years ago . do you have other vices ?	 i do not have too many . i am too old	i have nine brothers sisters . do you have a large family ?	 i used to a long time ago	did you out live them , or just lose touch ?	 i am too old so now there is not too many people around	do you live alone , or have someone to care for you ?	 i take care of myself now	it is nice that you can do that . do did you have any other interests ?	 i like to knit and read and garden	gardening is the main reason i like summer so much ! what do you enjoy reading about ?
 good morning how is it going	hi there how are you today ?	 i am very forgetful at times	same sometimes i forgot my dogs are at home	 i have two mothers so awesome	really my mum is allergic to my dog	 not afraid of what others think of me	cool , do you have any pets ?	 nope but i love spaghetti and meatballs	same i prefer dogs though	 my boyfriend still work for nasa how cool is that	so cool , i am a vet	 i could not do that would not want to hurt them if it came down to it	its fine you get used to it	 do not want to kill anything or anyone i would cry	i only help the vet though
 hi there , how are you ?	hello ing good , what language do you want to chat in ?	 uh american lol ! do you speak another language ?	i speak six other languages , pick one and i will speak it	 alright , how about gaelic ?	ok , galactan it is then , est ben galego	 dura mie ayd ! do you play any sports ?	no but i also usually carry an edged weapon	 i speed skate ski often . are skate blades edged weapons	i am also the first test child for sesame street , my mom was big bird	 what is a test child ?	child to test if i was afraid of big bird
 hello ! how are you tonight ?	i am good i hope you are well	 i am , thanks ! just got home from work . do you work ?	i am in school . what about you ?	 i work for a power company . what do you study ?	i am studying law . what is your favorite thing to eat ?	 i love tacos ! what is your favorite food ?	tacos are amazing . it depends on my mood	 i understand that . do you change moods often ? i read about that	i am usually in the mood for sushi i do not eat meat	 so you are vegetarian ? i am from los angeles so there are lots of vegetarian restaurants	yes i love animals . dogs are my favorite !	 do you have any pets ? i have a cat	yes i have a dog her name is penny	 that sounds great . do you have any hobbies ?	i love to go to the mall and buy things
 hi , how are you doing today ?	just making a packing list . i go to college in a few months .	 i am looking for some piano music to play at my sisters wedding next month .	that is an exciting time . do you work ?	 yes , i play the piano and sing in a local club .	my job is far less exciting . i stock shelves at walmart .	 it will get better if you stay in college .	i plan on it . my dad is a mechanic . i want to have a better job .	 what do you want to study ?	i think botany . i am a practicing vegan .	 i became vegetarian about 10 years ago . i have felt alot better .	that is great to hear . i am new to the movement .
 how are you doing today ?	hey there , i am great . i have two moms .	 my name is beth , whats yours ?	cody and boy my memory sucks .	 that is ok lol my eyesight sucks	do you like italian food ? it is the best .	 its alright i mean i like pizza but only with white sauce	you see okay with gla . ses ? my partner is an astronaut ,	 yeah but i only have reading glasses at the time	oh i hope you get some glasses soon .	 me too but i am trying to get contacts and those are not cheap or free	true . people get all worked up and honestly i could care less .	 worked up over what exactly	anything . i am just a f
 hi i am so excited about getting my nails done tomorrow , wyd ?	i am getting a new tattoos . i have 6 all cats .	 o wow i saw a man with a cat tattoo at my families grocery store just yesterday	i have a very thin mustache too .	 i love to watch wwe one of the wrestlers has a thin mustache too	i work as a medical file clerk . what do you do ?	 i work with my family at a grocery store but i dream of cafes in paris .	nice ! i have never been out of baltimore maryland .	 the most exciting part of my week is getting my nails done , so . . .	my mother works as a ballet dancer . she gets her nails done too .	 ballet is what i pretend to like but i secretly love wrestling	where is your grocery store ?	 our grocery store is in wonderland	wonderland is a nice place .	 its located right next to oz and below mars	i have only seen it through pictures .
hello ! how are you today ?	i am good , sorry for the spelling mistake .	 you did not spell anything wrong . tell me about your job	i work at hp , like my dad . what about you , where do you work ?	 i am in college , i am studying to become a dentist	are either of your parents dentists ?	 nah , i am the odd one out . are you a sports fan ?	i am . played a ton of sports with my 6 siblings . are you ?	 i love sports , my favorite team is the raptors . what about yours ?	more of a football fan , love the broncos ! where are you from ?	 florida , it is pretty late . you ?	colorado . i am in the middle of a netflix binge so no sleep anytime soon	 what shows are you into ?	ozarks , now . just finished taboo , have you seen it ?	 no , i just finished binging bo jack horseman though	haha , only seen one episode . might be my next one . tell me about your family .
 good afternoon ! i am enjoying the day away from the office . you ?	i very much dislike listening to music .	 really ? all music ? i like the stuff on my video games .	there are those who call me , nick .	 hi nick ! i have a variety of screen names for my games .	it is said that i was kissed by fire , since my hair is red .	 that is a unique color for hair .	video games have music , which is something that is not ok for me .	 what about going to national parks ? i love to do that . no music .	i have so many friends , they love the national parks !	 i would love to meet them ! i enjoy going for runs and all of the greenery there .	i have a scooter . it is a vespa . i ride it with my friends .	 cool . how fast does it go ? i wonder if i could keep up .	my friends hate music as much as i do . 30 mph .	 that is pretty fast . i would have to train more .	it is super fast . you would do a lot of training !
 how are you doing today ?	fine about to go to the movies . yo ?	 i am packing getting ready for work tommorow	ahh what do u do i am training to be a veterinarian	 i am a pilot . i love it	ooh i would love to travel to israel and see the home of the bible	 what is your favorite food ?	i love empanada its my splurge when i am not at a bookstore	 what flavor ? i love pastries	i like surprises like steven king novels you never know where he is gonna go	 i met my wife at a concert it was spontaneous	i met my boyfriend at a horror convention	 what is the name of the convention ?	texas fright mare was the name but put the words together cause the chat will not allow it
 hi	hello , how are you today ?	 hell i am good and you ?	i am fine as ever , what do you like to do as a hobby ?	 i play the guitar . u ?	i roll blunts	 that is cool . what do you do for a living ?	i am a financial analyst for a brewery	 where are you from ?	baby , i am from illinois , west side of chicago	 i am in cali	that is wassup
 hi , i am a fish person tuna is my favorite , gummy worms too	just talking to you is making my back hurt . it hurts all the time .	 sorry to heard that , read some science fictions the adventures type may help you relax	despite my passion for all things , my soul is very old .	 if you try gummy worms , your will be younger	you should type faster because i really like it when i am heard .	 ok , i will , i want you to know i like two steps	do you work yourself up ? i do it all the time .	 nah , i jump up . i have green eyes and brown hair the sandy type .	i am much older than you and you must listen to what i say .	 sure just do not order me around	my back hurts so much , i feel like you do not understand .	 like i said , if you read some sci fi space novels that will hel	i am getting worked up . you should type faster young lad or lass .	 you must read it with passion !	my soul is ancient , just like the trees .
 good morning ! how are you today ?	great ! they released the new iphone price specs today !	 how much will it cost ?	they have not done the presser yet , but estimate a grand .	 that is a lot for a phone . not sure i would spend that much on a phone .	i doubt i will get it that is for the iphone x i will just get an 8s probably .	 unless the phone is a teleporter i would not spend so much on it .	haha i just love the iphones , so what do you do for a living ?	 i am a bank teller actually . it will be 6 years this year .	no way ! me too ! how crazy is that ? ! i have been at it a few years .	 how are you liking it ?	i really like it , my schedule leaves me lots of time for hiking , which i love !	 same here ! if we are near each other we should try and go hiking sometime .	that would be great ! as long as you are in the uk , i have never left the country haha	 oops than that is a no .	oh man , well if i ever work up the nerve to leave i will look you up !
hi how are you doing	i am well thank you ! how are you ?	 i am good taking out my dogs	nice ! what kind of dogs ? i am packing for a vacation in paris .	 i have too standard poodles	awesome . what do you do in your spare time ?	 i am a pilot so i am gone a lot	that is cool . i enjoy going to the opera .	 that is nice i want to do that	i like classical music , so the opera is best of two worlds stories and music .	 that makes sense where do you live	i live in the american south . yourself ?	 i used to live in nevada	that is cool . how tall are you ?	 i am 5 feet 8 inches	awesome ! i am a little taller than you . six feet .
 hey how are you today ?	not bad got up to watch the sunrise today	 i sometimes watch the sunset with my dogs , i love them .	i wish i had a dog but i work too much to take care of one	 i do not work , just read mostly , and play with my dogs .	that is not bad if you can afford it i am thinking of joining a gym	 i enjoy going to the gym as well , hitting on all the girls there .	haha that is one reason to go i guess	 i will get them my favorite flower , a lily for their troubles .	i am excited to see the sunset tonight its so pretty	 where are you going to watch it ?	at home through my apartment window	 you forgot to invite me over , i will bring my dog .	i am not sure if my building allows pets i would have to ask	 please do , i could bring some books for us tor ead as well .	i have not read a book in a very long time i am always so busy
hi , there . what are you up to ?	playing video games . what about you ?	 me too . i love video games !	whats your favorite ? and what platform do you play on ?	 i like halo 3 and i usually play on platform 4	i have been playing dishonored 2 . great series .	 that is awesome , man . i am still in the closet and i am so conflicted . . .	me too . my parents do not know .	 what should we do ? seriously .	no idea . i wish i had a good plan .	 i play the guitar so i am thinking about like creating a coming out song .	hey , me too ! are you also a welder ?	 org , i am lol . are you my soulmate ?	i think so . who would have imagined it . its destiny .
 hi there , how are you ?	i am doing good . i was just cooking up a burger on my george foreman grill .	 i enjoy taking photos of food . i would love to do some for george foreman	that is very interesting . how long have you been doing photography ?	 a little while . i really enjoy taking photos . i aspire to be a famous photographer	that is cool . if you took a photo of my burger it might be famous .	 i am hoping to travel the world taking photos . where are you located ?	i am in michigan . how about yourself ?	 i am in utah . you have a family ?	yes . i have three boys . we were just working on our go cart today .	 that is sweet . cherish every moment . i am widowed you see . i miss those days	oh , i am sorry to hear that . yeah they are great kids .	 make sure you take lots of pictures as a family .	we try to . i need to remember to bring my camera on our fishing trip .
 hello , i have a daughter who is in kindergarten .	i wish i had a daughter , i am a boy mom . they are beautiful boys though still lucky	 how old is your son ? i have a 9 year old son as well .	twin 9 year olds ! they love justin bieber and have convinced me to favor him also haha	 oh my . twins are so cute .	they are indeed . we go camping a lot , like every month . one of their phases	 my son goes to basketball lesson and karate class .	my boys chose horseback riding instead . we go whenever we can	 that is nice being out there with animal in the nature .	yes , maybe you should come some time	 my daughter is very active . she is in gymnastic .	how old is you daughter ?	 she is 5 years old who does car wheel at home everyday .	that sounds really cute ! oh i wish i had a daughter too	 it was nice talking to you . you have a wonderful day	you have a wonderful day too !
 i am behind in my school lands and i wish i live in another country .	i work lifeguarding at a beach	 cool ! did you have to take out student loans to learn that ?	no i did not just from a training course	 i am flunking several classes but i love nature . what	i like to spread laughter and love to everywhere	 great . i want to learn a foreign language while living outside the us .	sounds interesting . i drive a yellow convertible sometimes in the rain	 lucky you . how can i get out debt fast ? ever live outside the us ?	i have not . i listen to katie perry in the shower	 she is cute and like me loves nature . what kind of convertible do you have ?	a yellow toyota camry convertible .	 cool ! i am flunking classes because i dream of driving a car like that . you like nature ?	i do like nature , like the ocean
 hello , i am playing with gila , my lizard . what are you up to ?	hi i am john , dallas , tx	 is that where you are from ?	we have 2 kids , 14 and 12	 i do not have kids . i am also an only child .	yeah , texas . my wife and i have a lot of pets at home	 i just have my lizard and my plants	oh , how do you feel about it ? 3 dogs	 it is nice . all of my flowers are purple , my favorite color .	and 3 cats , as a therapist this is a good stress reliever	 maybe i should get a cat	that s a good idea my wife brings the cat to school nurse	 cool . what color are your eyes ?	i have green eyes how about you	 you can tell a lot about a person from their eyes . mine are brown .	wow who did you get it from
 hello how are you tonight	great , how about y o u ?	 i am great as well just went for a run	sweet . . . i am drinking wine with my bulldog	 that sounds fun i like blue wine	never had blue wine , is it expensive ?	 no it is cheap just my favorite color	what do you do for a living ?	 doctor right now used to be a nurse	great job , i am a trust fund baby so i have never worked	 that must be real nice i would love that	it is . the joys of not having to do anything	 i would have to agree that is great	do you have any kids ?	 just 1 son how about you	nope not anytime soon either
 hey , there ! hows it going ?	its going good thanks for asking	 done working today yet ? got plans for tonight ?	not really i will probably just read	 i am going to play mah jong with my grandma . she lives out back .	what do you do for a living ?	 i am a teller at our first national bank . and you ?	i am a graphic designer from cali	 what kinds of things have you designed ?	mostly web pages and also business cards	 do you do three d on the cards ? i have seen that on the tv .	do you have any hobbies ?
 where do like to shop ?	for what ? food , clothes , cares ?	 anything that you like to buy	i do not make much money so thrift stores , and discount shops	 do you have a dollar tree	omg i love the dollar tree ! it is my jam	 i know they have everything	i even watch dollar tree , youtube videos	 i do that to interesting	right , i love there decor items for the different seasons	 that is great i make crafts	it is like really a dollar ? i will take five	 they have different items for everything	do you buy food at the dollar tree ?	 some time i get the chips and cookies	do you go to the 99 cents store ?
hi how are you today ?	awesome ! enjoying the beautiful kansas sun . you ?	 worrying a little about my boyfriend in iraq . the army can be tough .	oh , man . that has to suck . try to keep busy . got plans for today ?	 going to try to work on my chopin on piano , you ?	doing some more work on my farm . my chickens laid the most colorful eggs today !	 i love it when they lay in different colors . i have never seen a yellow egg .	really ? well if you are ever in kansas , swing by my farm and i will show you !	 great ! yellow is my favorite . when is a good time to visit ?	summertime . it is on a dirt road and my truck tires stick . dry season is better .	 i wear my hair short so the heat will not bother me . i will come .	so exciting ! my chickens can not wait to meet you !	 how many do you have ?	about 20 . it is a pretty big farm .
 hello ! it is such a nice night at home . i am hanging out with my cat oreo .	hi ! watching a little basketball before heading out .	 nice . where are you going to go ?	probably a club , i like to party .	 nice ! do you play basketball ?	no , i like to watch it though . i am an accountant .	 ah , i am a swimmer . i suck at basketball .	i love to surf , do you surf ? i have a classic car collection too .	 i have done open ocean swims but no surfing . i have a purple wet suit .	mine is pink , like my favorite ferrari .	 do you own this pink ferrari ?	i do , what do you drive ?	 just a honda civic . nothing fancy	ferrari are my favorite , i also have a raptor .	 nice . i have dogs so my dog would probably destroy a ferrari . that would be sad .	i have dogs too , they behave in my cars .
 greetings ! how are you ? good day ?	i am doing terrible . i lost my most favorite diamond at the debutante ball .	 oh no ! did you report it missing ?	no the police might take away my trust fund because i am unemployed	 es no bueno . you can come work for me !	i wish i could but i only like french things bulldogs , dressing , fries , kisses .	 we can all wear beret hats , then . that is french , right ?	i think that may be a stereotype . i just want to drink some french wine .	 oh . my bad . hope no offense was taken . . . i am a country woman .	it is all right . except you are implying country people are ignorant . . . ;	 ha ! not ignorant , just not always politically correct in social situations .	lol okay . i also identify as country so i understand what you mean .	 good news . i bought a ford f 150 for the ranch i run .	i am so sorry . were they all out of real trucks ?	 ha ! i thought i was getting a good deal at the time . . . it was used .	i made myself laugh . but i am sure it is a nice truck .
hello . i am a vegan yoga instructor	hi i am very anti social	 that is too bad . i love meeting new people in my class	i hate class it seems so strange	 i love yoga and i love to teach . it seemed like a good fit for me lol	i tried yoga once . . . everything hurt	 i am sorry ! sometimes stretching beforehand helps . do you like movies ?	i love movies whats your favorite movie	 pretty woman . i love rom coms . they inspire my poetry	i like tv shows but my favorite tv show is how i met your mother	 that one is hilarious . i love barney ! lol	barney is crazy i love it	 yes he is . his stunts and cons crack me up !	i really like ted tho i mean how could you not ?
do you like to play video games ?	not really . my roommates fighter over the box so i gave up	 do you have any pets ?	not anymore . i kicked the cat out after she pulled out my eyebrow piercing . ouch !	 do you got any children ?	only the one i left at the truck stop . you ?	 what piercings do you have ?	none now . i have 36 stitched where the cat ripped it oit	 i have 3 kids that live with me .	that is awesome . i am lead in a grunge band . its like my kids	 you should killed that cat .	no comment its got me sympathy tips at the coffee shop
 hi . . how are you doing ? ?	great , just left from the beach . you ?	 i love the nature too	i like to go there and read . nice to wind down with family	 i like music . . i am in a band . .	cool , what do you play ?	 i am a lead guitar and vocal	awesome , do you have any siblings ? i have 5	 i have one elder than me	is playing in the band what you do for a living ?	 i am a student doing my degree in music	i got my masters for creative writing	 interesting . . that is kind of creative . .	ll . . . i want to write a few novels
 hello my name is alex	hi alex , my name is lucy . just chilling at home , you ?	 i am just chilling with my cat leroy jenkins	oh , you like cats ? i have dogs personally . love my dogs	 what kind of dogs do you have ?	a great dane . he roams the house like he owns it , but we both know i do !	 haha what is his name ?	his name is korn after my favorite band haha	 i love that band too ! !	sometimes i blast them when i swim in my pool . people do not like that	 i can understand that . i like to play retro video games	really ? you should come join me for a swim . i love swimming	 i love swimming too ! i use to swim alot	really ? i have quite the vast collection of purple swimming suits	 yes , professionally but that was back in college . why so many ?	i love purple . its my favorite
 how are you doing today ?	doing good except my homework is so hard	 i just got done reading about adam sandler	that is so cool and i m about to graduate which of the	 also , i do not go out ! i have never dated !	try to go to casino i am me	 do you like to gamble	i m actually a dealer blackjack	 is it fun ? also , i have a ton of dogs ! i adopted them !	count cards how in the black truck	 what about a black truck ?	i meant to say black jack in the casino	 i have never won when i gamble !	i can coach you i m trying to study again to become a manager	 manager of a black jack place ?	yes in the casino place and that will n
 hello there ! how are you tonight	i am doing good . how about you ?	 not too bad glad to be done working ! bu ?	yes , totally agree with you . i have worked a long day today .	 oh ? what kind of work do you do ?	delivery driving . how about you ?	 oh wow . . . do not laugh . . . i work for scrubway	i guess i have to type more words . lol marco polls pizza	 i bet the benefits of that are awesome lol i love pizza	i am sick of pizza . i am sick of food . i want to try new things .	 i love trying new things . . i get bored easily	yes , totally agree with you . i think the world gets bored as well .	 there is no reason not to try anything that interests you ! all about the yolo	yep , totally . what brings you on the chat tonight ?
 what are you up to tonight ? i just got home from a football game	just hanging about with my room mates , i have 3 .	 oh that is cool , are you in college ? i play in the nfl .	yeah , but i am not good at sports . what team ?	 the philly eagles . it is my 2nd year now .	that is pretty great . do you like gummy bears ?	 i do . but i gotta watch what i eat with becoming a playoff quarterback this year .	true , me too , i can not have lactose	 oh yeah lactose and gluten are common allergies now days .	yeah , but i still drink milk . my bird actually likes it . he is a parakeet	 does that upset your stomach ?	yeah , but i can not help myself	 i do not blame you . even during the football season i still eat ice cream every nigh	see , it is way too good
hello , i am sitting here having some coffee . how about you ?	i just got off work waiting tables .	 oh so you were serving my favorite thing ; coffee !	yep ! one day i want to be a doctor .	 that is a great plan ! i am trying to win the lottery and get rich !	do you have any kids ?	 i do have two children . they are naughty .	oh . i have a 4 year old daughter .	 i hope that she is a joy	she really is . i also work full time . you ?	 i work full time as well as a teacher .	do you have any hobbies ?	 i enjoy hanging out with friends and occasionally gambling .	oh , fun . i enjoy reading when i have time .	 i was going to ask what you enjoy !	i guess i just read your mind .
 my names ringo , i had it changed when i was 18 . whats your name ?	that is cool . why did you have it changed ? my name is aaron .	 to match my favorite band ! my family did not like it , though . tough breaks .	that is badass . what do you do for fun ?	 i like to cook , no meat though because i do not dig it . you ?	you do not like the taste or . . . ? i could live off popcorn alone !	 meat reminds me of family memories , too harsh for me . does popcorn have peanuts in nit ?	hmm . . i do not think so . corn kernels butter . where are you from ?	 oh good , i am allergic to peanuts . i am from here , there , everywhere . you ?	i live in wisconsin in the countryside . its so peaceful here .	 that sounds great . do you listen to the beatles ?	i am more of a country music fan . i love keith urban !
 hey , do you have any hobbies ?	hi , i am training my animals right now , so may type slow !	 cool , what kind of animals do you train ?	tigers , lions , giraffes , zoo animals . my wife helps me , are you married ?	 nope . my hobbies are singing , running and cooking	sounds fun ! i helped my wife with health issues , too .	 that is very noble of you	thanks , i hope your singing makes you famous !	 ll its not that good .	well , as long as it is fulfilling to you , very nice talking to you !	 it was nice talking to you too .	i bet you will cook a very good meal to enjoy today !
 what do you like to do in your spare time ?	hey i enjoy watching tv and also movies . you ?	 i like to gamble and talk on the phone	that sounds fun . i do not go out much because of my allergies .	 what a shame about your allergies i love hiking outdoors	i am trying to get them controlled . what do you do for work ?	 i am bilingual so i translate spanish for a living . how about you	i work in production making commercials . i really love my job !	 that sounds like a lot of fun . do you like to cook ?	no not since by dad died back in high school .	 ouch . you have a lot of problems . i gamble way too much .	do you often win or lose ?	 i think i lose too much . winning would not be a problem right ?	casinos are not built on your winnings , that is for sure .
 what are you doing this weekend ? i am going to a concert !	where i grew up ? alabama , i don t know yet	 that is one of my favorite things to do on weekends ! i have never been to alabama	i love with my mom who is a grocery checker	 that is interesting , my mom actually taught me how to play cello !	i might just keep watching the series game of thrones	 i love game of thrones ! i have a stamp collection of game of thrones characters	have you heard the sweet home alabama ?	 i have its a chick flick ! my wife enjoys them but i am more of a swimmer !	i do not really like it , really	 yeah i go swimming at the y everyday !	where is that at ? wiht who ?	 i have blue swim suit which is my favorite color , i go alone , its just a gym	wow , i can t do it alone i want some one to be with me	 i do not mind swimming alone , but i need someone to go with me to weekend concerts	oh , concerts , i am not really into it
 hi , any favorite hobbies ? i love to run in the hills .	hey ! , i enjoy writing long poetry . i am currently working on a novel	 wow impressive ! do you have a real job too ? i am a grill cook by night .	yes , but it is not that great . i wish i could quit .	 what is it ? i might take it cuz i am looking for a day job .	customer service , i just do not make enough money . i wish i made more	 yea , things are tough . you should get a job as a waiter . that pay !	that sounds nice , but i would really love to be an artist	 that sounds iffy ! ! you would have to die to make money ll	ll , not exactly . comic book artist and cartoonist are very well off	 you need some inspiration then . you should play pink floyd while you work .	i may have to try that . do you like pink floyd ?	 they are my favorite ! ! i listen to them while i work and run . you ?	i like black sabbath myself .
i am 6 ft tall , are you tall or short	i am tall , i guess . but not as tall as my roommate i live with .	 i also speak german , do you ?	i do not but i work with someone at my part time job that does .	 my parents both have red hair , but i am blonde	my daughter and son have red hair . do you like animals ?	 yes i love dogs and cats , i also tell bad jokes	the animal i like best is a koala . have any bad jokes about beer ?	 koalas are amazing creatures , no i sure do not have any about beer	that is ok . i hate beer ! whats your favorite drink ?	 i love beer and coffee and diet cokes , whats your favorite	i enjoy coffee and tea and i love martinis .	 i have never had a martini , i used to drink wine , but its too sweet	i like wine occassionally but it can bother my stomach .	 everything i eat and drink bothers my stomach as i am getting older	that stinks ! i have allergies to many foods so i understand that !
hi how are you today ?	you there ? hi , love mac fries , teacher , shopper and live in canada . you ?	 i really like youtube , my dad and i have our own channel	you ever visit canada ? i have .	 i really like plays , do they have plays there ?	no ! i am a shopper . you ?	 my dad has an advertising company , maybe he could help you	not ! i am a teacher . you a student ?	 i am not a shopper i am a you tuber	hmmm . i like mac fries . you ?	 i am not a student i am a play maker	my students are six graders . i sing . do you ?	 i like fries very much , do you like you tube ?	no ! i shop . i love toronto . you ?
hi , how are you ?	i am pretty good . leading a loveless life as usual . and you ?	doing well , taking care of the kids	that is nice . i might die a hermit . . .	do you speak any languages other than english ?	i do not . i do not even speak the 5 love languages	 that is too bad . i speak three languages	that is an attractive quality .	 i am also looking for employment	you could try accounting if you like numbers and robots	 i am not into accounting	you can be an english teacher overseas , especially if know asian languages	 that is true	i hope your love of languages and love of spouse makes you happy	 yes they both do	good for you . . . as for me i will continue to be crabby .
 hello how are you today ?	i am great ! how are you ?	 i am doing very well thank you , right now i am planning a party	oh that is great , for whom ?	 for my client , its going to be a clown party	i just had a party for my nephew , it was zoo themed .	 how old is he and did he like the it ?	he is six , and he loved it ! i dressed my yorkie as a lion 3	 that is very cute lol , does he love mother russia ?	haha i do not know about that but he loves bingle as much as i do	 you should tell him how great it is to be red instead of dead	well maybe , but i think my seminar professor would disagree	 why is that ? would they also think being in a cult is bad ?	she is a political economist with dim views of socialist autocracy
 i like to go to clubs and party . what is your hobby ?	hi how are you today ?	 just being my fabulous self .	oh well confidence is very good	 i have bpd but i am still awesome .	that does sound nice do you eat ?	 everyone eats . bpd is not nice . it is a metal issue .	do you like junk food then ?	 i love it . i just had some cheese crackers .	nice i only eat junk food	 nothing else at all ever ?	what is the point huh ?	 super unhealthy . i do try to eat better but have junk food as a treat .	doritos are very good yeah	 i like cheetos . i also like crackers .	yeah i think cool ranch is the best
 hey , just got back from my evening run , what is going on with you ?	practicing my pirouette and finding a comedy movie to watch . what kind of work do you do ?	 just your typical boring job , not much interesting about me there . what do you do ?	professional ballet dancing , like my parents before they died in a car accident	 oh i am so sorry , that must have been so hard ! how old were you ?	thank you . that is why i watch comedy movies , they help . what do you watch ?	 i do not really have much time to watch anything between all my activities	do you enjoy eating ? hamburgers are the tastiest food !	 i like anything that gives me enough energy to get through my daily 2 mile run !	awesome . maybe i should try running to stay in shape for dancing ?	 maybe , yeah ! honestly , i only do it to stay in shape for my triathlons	they sound important . what else is important to you ?	 my daughter ! she just graduated and she means the world to me	congratulations ! what kind of food do you like ?
 hi there , how are you ?	i sleep in spurts . you nap ?	 wow , that sounds like something my parrot , todd would say ! love him !	my eyes are not brown . you sing ?	 i sing with my siblings yes , oldest of 5 !	i rap for a barbershop quartet ?	 that is cool ! you like to climb ever ?	i film basketball through blue eyes . you paint ?	 no , but i have always wanted to paint at the beach even though i have never been	summer is my favorite season . yours ?	 my favorite season would have to be summer too !	i sing and dance . you ?	 no , i just like to climb in my spare time .	winter is fun but i like summer best . you ?
 hey how are you today ?	i am a little lonely today	 i love to listen to britney spears . she helps with loneliness while i swim .	oh my mothers name was britney ! she passed away recently	 condolences . my bathing suit is pink . best color in the world .	wow ! that is my favorite color too ! i am a yoga instructor , all my equipment is pink .	 yoga is fun . after a day in the pool it is pasta pasta pasta . my favorite .	i enjoy swimming , its the only time i get to be alone and i enjoy that .	 yes it relaxing . yoga outside on the beach is the best . outside is the best .	agree ! helps to be alone and relax	 it most definitely is . it gets rid of all the stress .	we have a lot in common , love pink , physically active . how ironic
 i am stuck here at home in a wheelchair and i do not have many friends .	i want to get all of my stuffs to be red like my clothing	 i have a lot of red clothing . it matches my wheelchair	oh , just try to put red lipstick , just like i do to be happy	 yes and go stroll through the park . i like going there .	red shoes too makes me feel confident	 confidence is good , especially when your in a wheelchair like i am .	my red car be a great trends too	 what kind of red car ? i will race you with my red wheelchair !	red stuff can be a significant part of happiness with my red purse	 we are just all red tonight .	my car is a family car , all can fit in . just come ride with us	 ok if we go to the park . that is a favorite place i like to go .	yes , it is the theme for the night
 i currently hai currently also have kids	hey there , i am a lucky man . my wife was miss usa 2001 .	 wow , lucky you , is she smart ?	how may kids do you have ? my kids are going to be the death of me .	 my kids drive me nuts . i have 17	my wife is smart and we have so much money but the kids . 17 kids , wow .	 too many kids i know	the maids are driving me crazy too . i say cheesecake and get a salad .	 please give me some money	i can help you out .	 oh my i would cry	will you make me a cheesecake ?	 yes ! ! i will be happy to	the kitchen maids are getting the boot and my kids are not getting a dime .	 i would kill just to be able to buy a home	so you will have a pretty good nest egg and i will get cheesecake .
 hi there , how are you ?	good . just got home from college . how are you ?	 i just got home from work . i work as a nurse in the hospital .	very cool . my mom does custodial work at a hospital . i live with her .	 i am sure you have a good relationship . hope my kids continue to with me .	what kind of music do you like ?	 well i love the rolling stones if that says anything about me ! ! ? p	i am a closet death metal fan when i am not sneaking in some cartoons .	 you like mexican food ? add that to the list , and i am your girl ! haha	i love mexican food ! give me a burrito any day !	 what else do you enjoy ?	well , getting to the beach when i can .	 my kids love the beach , but i am sure you mean to relax right ? haha	yes . i also scuba dive but not so much lately . school work .	 oh ! i get that . i went through a lot of school training to be a nurse	was it hard going thru nursing school ?
hello how are you doing ?	not so great honestly , things have been tough here in texas .	 oh , i am so sorry . i hope everyone you care about is safe !	i broke my leg but everyone else i know is safe at least . how are you ?	 i am doing well . i hope your leg heals quickly .	i get hurt easily its related to being born prematurely , nothing i cannot handle !	 man , sounds like life is hard for you ! i pray everything works out .	i will be fine , my dad is getting good stories , he works for the new york times .	 that is wonderful . i am a librarian myself !	oh how wonderful you must love reading !	 most definitely . its my favorite hobby . what about you ?	i do not really have time for any hobbies right now .
 hi there how are you doing today ?	hi right back . okay . kind of draggin . no energy	 that is the worse . is it because it is hot outside ?	it is hot , but i am too thin right now almost a skeleton !	 oh no ! are you okay ?	yes , i am not i will . just really thin . where are you from ?	 i am from nashville , home of country music which i love . and you ?	pittsburgh . i eat pasta a lot . i am allergic to seafood shrimp	 that sucks , i am currently going to college .	that is great . what school ?	 tennesee state , trying to get a better job other then my lame one .	okay . good luck with your studies . are you into midterm yet ?	 you know it ! studying hard . what do you do for a job ?	i am an adjunct professor of music , and my fingers are long for piano
 good morning ! today is my day off from my job that is 9 to 5 . you ?	hello there my name is lucy . how are you ?	 great . i am cooking and i like doing that . do you ?	i enjoy cooking though my husband is better .	 how about baking ? hopefully i can open a bakery when i retire .	i do like to bake . especially dog treats for my two small dogs .	 cute ! did your family ever own a restaurant ? mine owned a small one .	no though we own a small marketing consulting agency . are you married ?	 i am . my husband volunteers with me when i go to the soup kitchen . you ?	yes i am married . we enjoy going to radiohead concerts .	 i forgot you mentioned your husband earlier ! any kids ?	no someday we hope . you ?	 none yet . we hope to have 6 . do you have anything interesting to tell me ?	not really . have to get back to work anyways . enjoy your day .
 hello , what is your favorite thing to do ? i like the beach	hi , training my golden retriever is my current favorite thing he is just a puppy	 yes , pandas and reading and the beach , what is his name ?	kenny is his name he is alot like me whiny	 as vegetarian , i find my mood is stable , i want to start a juice bar	i try to watch what i eat , i love kale shakes tho	 thou shalt not whine , go to the beach , read and do some juicing	my bills keep piling up so i whine due to my injury has me out of work	 play with kenny , go to the zoo and panda watch , eat vegetarian , exercise	i am training kenny to be a service dog so the zoo sounds fun	 sorry about your back , still , no whining . just makes it worse , good idea on training	yeah and the zoo would be perfect people and wild animal sounds thanks	 will you be suing your company for injury ?	it was a commute to work car incident but yes suing for medical bills
do you like to travel ?	i am not really into traveling , unless its to conventions	 interesting , because i have a dream of being a museum curator ! they have conventions there .	i really like live action role playing conventions lamp	 new york city had my favorite band , beastie boys , and they were having one . fun !	i am not the typical lamp person though . not many tall , curvy , blondes !	 you sound cute ! reminds me of how i like my coffee , tall , with cream .	sorry for being rude . i did not ask you if you liked to travel ! ?	 i do ! not until i had gone to new york city . it started my love of travel .	you are flattering me with the coffee talk !	 tell me more about yourself !	do not laugh . . . . but i love the band icp	 hey ! i am not judging ! beastie boys being my favorite has gotten me plenty of laughs lol	i like the beastie boys too !	 maybe we could go to a lamp event , drink coffee , and listen to our fav bands ?	that sounds great . so , you live in nyc ? how old are you ?
 hello how are you	how are you doing tonight	 great i just finished my first college class	i am good thanks for asking that is cool what are you in school for	 i am going to be a vet	that is cool i want to be in the medical feild	 i chose being a vet as i love cats	that is cool i love helping people and make them better	 do you want to work in a kids field ?	yes i do i love kids	 i am a coach for a kids team	what sport do you coach the kids
 hello .	hi there . how are you ?	 i am good , just strumming the guitar , how are you ?	exhausted . i played doubles in tennis with my sisters .	 i bet that is a nice workout . i have 2 older brothers , how many siblings do you have ?	two sisters . i am a baker , what do you do ?	 i help my family work on our farm , and play ina a band .	moms a dentist , i cannot help her .	 yeah , that might not be a good idea , helping around the house is good .	i would rather watch silicon valley . my bakery keeps me busy .	 i do not watch much television , the farm keeps me busy . mom does the baking here .	my mom does not bake , she does not even cook .	 is your bakery in the city ? i have never been .	yes , it is . on fourth street .
 hi . how are you doing ?	well . . i gotta tell the truth to somebody , i just have too	 go ahead . i am almost seven feet tall by the way	nice , that must be some interesting choices in underwear , i won the lottery	 cool . i am not a basketball player though . cool . you won money .	yeah , but i am super lazy and poor , my wife hates me , ink what to do	 well , you won the lottery . so she probably likes you now .	no she is a scumbag . i need her to be gone . what else do you do . . .	 i have never heard of a scumbag . probably poor people humor .	she cheats . can you make her love you and steal her from me ?	 i work for ibm . how about you ?	do not you understand ? i do not care where you work . i will pay you .	 my favorite band is the rolling stones . do you like them ?	omg . are you daft ? sure , whatever , rolling stones great . can you be my escape ! ?	 i desire a bright future for your grammar .	you must not be able to understand millennials , grammar is flexible
good afternoon ! i need a lot more coffee . lol	hello ! i love coffee ! especially french vanilla . yum !	 love that too . i am waiting on my car to be fixed . you ?	i am getting ready to hit the mats with my boyfriend .	 yoga ? my car is old so it is a good thing i can run . lol	gymnast , actually . my boyfriend and i met at the gym , and have been together ever since .	 very cool . i am currently single . but i get out a lot with friends .	we have been together for over ten years . we bonded over our hate of chalk .	 ha ! that is hilarious . i hate that chalkboard noise .	i hate the feeling of it on my hands .	 true enough . the dust is awful .	it truly is a necessary evil for a gymnast though .	 it is for drying hands , correct ?	yes , so they do not slip on the bars .
hi how are you doing today ?	hey , living the dream ! how are you ?	 good ! just looking up movie times . i want to see an action adventure movie .	action is not my thing . i much prefer movie with pretty scenery . it inspires me	 action adventure is my favorite and i love eating the popcorn !	i prefer to be out in nature with my paintbrushes . trees are beautiful .	 i really enjoy riding roller coasters outdoors ! it is one of my favorite things to do .	i always said i would travel to amusement parks if i won the lottery . . .	 i love riding coasters ! but i have not had much time lately .	i never went there , and i would be lying if i said i did not win	 i am so busy studying to be a welder . trying to make my mom proud . you won ?	it is how i can be a painter and live freely .	 amazing ! i wish ! we have always struggled . my father left my mom when i was five .	i never told anyone . its been 6 years . life is a lie sometimes .	 it might be better off that way for you . you will not have to share .	i share anonymously so i can remain who i was and not who i am
 hello , how are you this fine evening ?	i am great ! just came in from a long walk !	 that sounds lovely ! i am a actor so i never get to do fun things like that .	an actor ! i do not miss an episode of game of thrones . do you have any pets ?	 i have done acting since i was ten . i am gone to much for a pet .	i have a cat , my 4 kids just adore it ! do you have any hobbies ?	 i started starring in commercials when i was a kid . acting keeps me pretty busy .	i am a paid artist . . i also feel like it is my hobby .	 how interesting . what kind of art do you make ?	i make jewelry and charcoal paintings .	 that sounds like it is really fun !	it really is . . . . i try to involve my kids too .	 how many kids do you have ?	i have 4 and now the cat !	 are you married or do you have a boyfriend ?	i am a single mom . not much time to date .
 hi , how are you today ?	driving is not in my vocabulary , tattoos are fine , three on me	 what do you do for work ? i am a mechanic	good and you ? can you talk about my dad ?	 sure , what would you like to tell me about your dad ?	i am not familiar with my dad	 have you ever met your dad ?	the book store is where i work	 what kind of books do you sell ?	yeah , my dad is great i think .	 why do you think he is great ?	my mother work as a nurse	 have you ever been in the military ? i was when i was younger	because he is a mechanic , i love cars .
hey how are you doing ? i just got off work and making pies now	i am fine , how are you ? pies sound great !	 i am covered in flour but all these venison pies will be worth it !	i live in a dorm at college , so we cannot cook .	 what about a microwave or instant pot ? that could be fun	the dorm is super specific about things we are allowed to have	 well i will send you a pie ! i can drop it off after my swim	do you have any cartoons to go with the pie ?	 no . but i can pick one up at the grocery store i work at before my swim	do you swim for a team ?	 yes ! the russian american team . we swim from russia to sarah palin house every week	that sounds like a crazy stressful training	 it is not too bad . my pet panda goes with me and that is relaxing	your pet panda is that good at swimming in russian waters ?	 thick fur keeps him really warm , and all the veggies from my garden beef him up	sounds like he needs a lot of bamboo
 i was just here before going out to enjoy some running .	oh that sounds good i love to run also	 as long as things are organized , i really enjoy running .	me too i just cant go to high altitudes i have a condition	 i do too , but being a mom who is home all day really helps .	yes that is true i work from home	 then it sounds like you love cooking .	yes i do what about you ?	 cooking is great ! i love it , baking is not fun though .	love both my mom use to do it and worked two jobs	 then i should go running with her , i really enjoy it .	that sounds great she would love that . whats your hobbies ?
hello ! i am excited getting ready to travel to japan	sounds exciting ! i speak japanese , and five other languages .	 cool i am like a nomad and travel a lot	that is a good life . keep a knife on you , i do . what else ?	 good idea i will have to do that	yes , there are crazy people everywhere . they will touch you .	 do you work ? i am a programmer and work remotely	i am an actor , i was once on a popular kids show .	 nice i travel so much i have missed being home for two years	where is home ? i hope not california because i started a fire there .	 no i live in the midwest it is so sad about the fires	it is tragic . the earth is so fragile , we have been blessed .	 yes we have and some do not appreciate it	some people are just not smart , others have been damaged . it is cloudy .	 i feel like so many people are deceived into thinking wrong things	love is the only hope . keep love alive .
how are you doing today	i just came in from surfing , so i am doing very well .	 kayaking is more of my thing	that is fun too , i do that when it is too rough to surf .	 when did you start surfing	as soon as i could walk . the vets office i work at is right on the beach .	 did you work at the vets	i still do . it is fun , i love animals .	 how many do you have	five dogs and four cats . i also have a horse . do you have any ?	 i do not have time for it	they do require a lot of time .	 i wish that i had more time for them	maybe one day you will have time for pets .	 after my plane flying days	you are a pilot ? how cool !
 hello , how are you this afternoon ?	i am fine thanks , did you start to read the book i lent you ?	 no , sorry . i have been practicing basketball .	that is so good ! i would come and watch but i cannot drive	 i graduated college with a basketball scholarship . what did you go for ?	i studied english history as i had books on it ! whats your favourite number ?	 21 . that is hebron james number .	mine is 7 . suarez used to have that number .	 i had to have knee surgery a few months ago , my walking cast was in caps colors	wow ! i love these chats as i am deaf and i can chat to different people .	 i do not like talking on the phone , never did . i prefer to text .	no one can see me either . i can scratch my nose etc	 as long as you do not get cat scratch fever from doing so .	oooh , that would be awful . do you get that ?
 i am pretty smart . i studied at stanford	wow that is amazing ! i am wondering if you could tell me where to buy some drugs .	 i love to eat pizza	pizzas great but puddings makes me gassy .	 maybe ask my wife and 4 year old son	can they tell me where to find some weed ? i have been looking for so long .	 gotta ask my idol thierry henry	hmm . . . my favorite singer is kasha . she is super great and hot !	 would love to play soccer with her professionally	have you heard of my friend james ? he insists that he secretly rules the world !	 that is nice . bet he is lying	i do not think so . he always tells me what to do .
good afternoon , how are you today ?	i am good , what part of the country are you from ?	 the old south , where it is still summer .	i live in california where it is summer all year	 and now the fires , i hope you are out of harms way .	i am in the southern part of the state so i am good but thanks for asking	 what do you do for a living ?	i edit t . v . commercials mostly	 i take beauty classes and do tutoring in makeup .	do you have any hobbies ?	 beauty and makeup and teaching	that is cool , i love music and going to shows	 this chat is slow today , what kind of music do you like ?	i love metal the heavier the better
 hello tell me about yourself	well age is 17 and i go to a catholic school in new england and you ?	 i like iced coffee , jazz , going to lake michigan , karate and shrimp	neato i will be going to a more liberal school soon	 that is cool what are you going to study ?	animation . i grew up sheltered buy i am going to sew my wild oats !	 laugh out loud sew oat that is funny	i suppose so . what are your hobbies ?	 i like playing the saxophone	oh is it difficult to learn how ?	 very much but i learned when i was younger	that is awesome i enjoy playing piano	 when did you learn how to play ?	my nana taught me when i was way younger	 nana do you happen to be hispanic ?	i am ! what about you ?
 would you like to go on a walk with me and my dog ?	sorry , i am feeling depressed today . my husband has left me .	 that is awful . i could bring you flowers from my garden .	thanks but right now ice cream is my best friend .	 well i love to cook for others . want me to make a meal ?	i would not want to burden you . i am still with my four children who eat alot .	 oh they would love ragini . she is my pet lizard .	i bet , but my two dogs may have a different opinion lol .	 well my mom and i live together . she can watch ragini	sounds good . let me think about it .	 ok , i do not want to pressure you . i know you are sad .	thanks . i am more angry that my husband will not accept joint responsibility for our children .	 they are his children too . he is obligated to care for them .	i know , hopefully he will change his mind for the sake of the children .
 hey . what do you do for a living ?	nothing really . i am a hippie . smoke weed all day .	 ah , well you ever hear of the baltimore orioles ? baseball ? well i am on the team .	awesome , but i am not into sports much .	 well you should be . i pull in 7 figures every year for my hot wife and kids .	i am a freeloader . dad pays my bills .	 you should have gone to miami university like me and my 3 kids did .	since your famous , do you know any rappers ?	 yeah a few , you have a favorite one ?	jay z . but really love all rappers . they are cool .	 jay z is pretty cool , he is fun to hang with .	i would love to have a weed party with all of you .	 heck yeah . jay z has the best weed too .	after i smoke , i crave meat . i am a meataholic .
 hello ! how are you today ?	i live in the big apple where are you ?	 i live in north carolina , but i am visiting my parents in florida , they just moved over here	cool , i walk dogs for a living an my bff is in japan	 awesome ! i work with maine coon cats and show them off at shows . what are your hobbies ?	i want to visit i have never been out of america	 japan would be a cool place . i am actually going a cruise out of the country next month .	really ? sounds fun ! where too	 jamaica ! my brother who is currently living with me will be watching my house .	i am so hungry what you eat today ?	 me too ! i really enjoy cooking so i made cordon blue earlier . and you ?	i cooked crab legs potatoes corn
hey , how are you today ?	i am doing great thanks . what do you do ?	 school work for college . i am a excellent student	oh awesome ! i am talking a year off before i start college .	 i do not blame you . i can not wait to graduate in two years	yeah i am only 18 so i still living with the parents . . . lame .	 my parents are no longer together . but they both help me have nice things .	sorry to hear that . do you have a car ?	 i do . it helps me have a lot of friends	i bet , i am still trying to save up for my first !	 it takes time . i am glad my parents helped pay for half	your parents sound great . have they been split up for long ?	 yeah most of my life . what are you doing while your out of school	just make money doing odd jobs .
 hello , how are you doing today ?	hi i am great ! just finished up my latest work project ! you ?	 i am doing very well thank you . i cannot wait to go out .	nice ! where are you going ?	 i am going to go try out a new italian restaurant .	cool ! hollywood has great ones ! my bro in law runs a studio there , he hooks me up .	 that is amazing ! i just work at a bank .	yeah i just make aquariums haha nothing nearly as exciting	 are you kidding ? that is incredible !	really ? my brothers tease me about it ! there is 6 of them so its alot	 wow , i do not have any siblings , so i just worked at my career .	that is good to focus on it though .
 what are you doing this morning ?	i am getting dressed to go out for a run , i play soccer , you ?	 i am getting ready to go out to the movies	what kind of movies do you like to watch ?	 i am a huge fan of super hero films . what about you ?	i love to watch disney movies , sounds silly , but they are my favorite .	 i am an adult but i still like to pretend that i am a superhero	haha , sounds creative , do you live alone , i live with my mom and dad	 i live with my brother . he loves those type of movies too	that is nice , do you work ?	 no , not really . what about you ?	i work part time as a waitress .	 oh that must be nice . do you like it ?	it is okay , it helps pay my cell phone bill
 how are you doing today	pretty good . just taking a break from my farm duties	 what do you do on the farm	i help take care of our pigs	 how many pigs do you have	27 . . i hate raising them to be slaughtered though . i do not even eat meat	 that would be so sad	it breaks my heart . i wish i did not live here	 where do you want to live	some place in the city where i do not have to kill animals	 that would be nice for you	what do you do for fun ?	 i like to play games . do you ?	i do , as long as those games do not involve food . i have so many allergies	 what are you allergic to	everything . . chocolate , melon , grass , pollen , bees
 hi ! do you have tattoos ? my hip has an angel tattooed on it .	no i do not , but i am think of one . what do you like ?	 not sure yet , still looking . do you like concerts ? i love going to them !	yes , i play an instrument . what is your favorite band ?	 cool . what do you play ? i like all kinds of bands . you ?	i love bands like aerosmith and i have a wide collection of cds	 i love aerosmith ! are you vegan ? i am and i feel so healthy !	that is great . i am not vegan . what are the things you eat ?	 anything grown from the earth with little processing and that can rot .	that is amazing . do you grow your own food then ?	 i do . i also attend umass and philosophy is what i study .	mass has a lot of vintage buildings . i love vintage furniture .	 yes , mostly brown like my eyes . what color are yours ?	my eyes are also brown . why do you study philosophy ?	 nice . i think philosophy is a very interesting way at looking at things . do you not ?	i have not heard of that major making money . that is all .
 hey there , friend ! is it starting to get cold where you are ?	hello there ! i just got back from walking my dog and it is fairly warm here	 that is cool . i think animals are the best .	me too ! tell me a little about yourself , do you have any hobbies ?	 i like listening to country music and working on my farm .	i want to move to the country after i graduate from college in 2019	 what are you going to school for ?	civil engineering , i like school a lot but i am very ready to graduate !	 do you like to dance to country music ?	yes i do ! my parents used to belong to a line dancing group before they divorced	 i throw parties in my barn where we line dance every month .	that sounds so fun i would love to get back to line dancing	 we usually have a big vegan spread .	that is so unique ! veganism and line dancing usually do not mix !
 hey my name is drake , just like my favorite artist !	that is cool . i teach a drawing class . and japanese	 cool ! i love japanese food ! i want to learn to cook it .	over ten years ago i came here to teach high school	 where is here ? i teach drums on the side , it is a little hobby of mine .	to the us , nh my thick accent i cant say hippopotamus accent too thick	 super cute ! i love rap music	i am too old for rap . i am 35 and still single	 me too ! never to old for rap ! i love going out to eat .	i like shushi but they do not make it good here	 i live in miami , we have amazing places to eat . but i like cooking	i always wanted to go there . seafood must be amazing	 it is better in ocean city maryland .	never been to maryland . that where you from originally	 no , i am from new york	i have been to nyc and long island
 hi , how are you doing today	i just started working online , selling stuff .	 what do you sell ? i am about to have my favorite lunch , pizza !	i sell my records . i once travelled through the usa as a musician , playing guitar .	 oh that sounds like fun . . i work at an auto shop , on trucks . . you ?	mostly selling online compact discs that i gathered up while working the circuit .	 oh okay . where are you from ?	missoula . i worked at a box factory there .	 okay , my doberman and i are in chicago	are you female ?	 nope all man . . i am 25 , and you ?	me , too . i asked because my ex is a vegan , and i love meat .	 oh i could never do that . . meat is too good	what else do you like . do you have any hobbies ?
 just got back from snorkeling ! what are you up to ?	i am sitting here sad because i fear parental rejection .	 you should come chasing comodo lizards with me sometime .	ha ha ! i am too scared i will not live up to your standards .	 i do have high standards . that is why i only use apple products .	i do not understand why i feel horrible about apple .	 sometimes i play gary human songs ironically that might cheer you up .	it might , ty for the suggestion . if i were a different gender it might be better	 if you want a sex change , you should check out this private island i frequent .	i might , where is that ?	 bahamas . comes with complimentary mangoes fresh in the mornings .	what do you like about the bahamas besides the mangoes ?
 hello . how are you doing today ?	i am good hope you are well	 i am . just fixed a bowl of ice cream . so what do you do for fun ?	i like to explore and draw	 cool . i wish i had more time to travel . do you travel ?	i wish i had more money to travel	 i donate alot of money to charity . i also raise pit bulls . do you like dogs ?	i love animals i want a ranch full	 like full of what kind of animals ? giraffes ? zebras ? llamas ?	i will take what i can get	 turtles ? ostriches ? lol . i work on computers . i would like to explore more	i want to rescue as many as i can . i love the show tanked	 i do not think i have ever seen it . what is it about ?	it is about these guys that make outrageous fish tanks
three guesses as to why my dogs name is lassie .	my guess is that its because of the movie ?	 well . that is close , but its not the main reason . its her breed that counts .	i bet she is beautiful . do you have a favorite sport ? mine is hokey .	 ahahah . only if you consider traveling with the family a sport .	oh ? have you ever been to dallas tx ?	 i think once , when we first moved here . but we are south of dallas .	my friend is from there , we do not see each other often . do you have any siblings ?	 yeah . we do not get along much , plus i was the lucky one who inherited the blue eyes .	i only have a little brother . he is really annoying . did you go to college ?	 not yet . i am hoping to in the future as soon as my paychecks become steady .	i went to louisville . my major was in business .	 sweet . do you have a steady job now ?	i do . i manage for a lawyers office . where do you work ?
 hello how are you . do you like jazz ?	i like jazz a lot but i really enjoy reality tv	 laugh . reality bites ! at the factory , i get all drama i need .	oh i hear you ! i just lost my job as a farm hand	 wow ! what city ? close to seattle by any chance ?	no , not really . i am in kansas .	 bicycles must be so useful there ? except in winter . or maybe not ?	i would rather drive a car ! i want to move down south somewhere warm	 winters are bad if you have to be outside . did you ?	yes , it was bad ! that is why i am looking for something new down south	 boma . alabama , that is . cheap and hot . if that is agreeable .	sounds like fun what tv shows you like ?
 hello ! how are you today ?	i am doing well just finished eating supper . yourself ?	 not much at all , actually . where are you from ?	i am from new mexico . what about yourself ? do you work ?	 i am in michigan . i do not work as i just graduated out of princeton and am looking	oh nice . what was your major ? i am thinking about going back .	 natural sciences . what was yours ? and what would you go back to get ?	economics . i want to finish getting an associates of science . not finishing drives me crazy .	 i understand . do you travel ? i make sure to at least once a year .	i do not travel much . i am a substitute teacher . where have you been lately ?	 dallas last month . museums are my favorite thing so travelling helps knock out a lot	my brother lives in dallas . the last museum i visted was in new orleans city park .	 oh , nice . i have not been to new orleans yet . whats your biggest hobby ?	i am kind of a foodie . i try to stay healthy and exercise . what about you ?
hi my enemy is a swing set due to i have 6 toes	what do you do for a living ? i write .	 i work on computers and wish i had contact lenses	is it hard to barbecue with six toes ? i love to !	 no i just channel my inner twilight and make ribs	i had contacts . i live in springfield . where do you live ?	 i used to live in kansas city but i broke my nose there	do you go hunting ? i go with my brother , many times a year .	 deer and buffalo make good barbeque	i have been there before . no broken nose though .	 it was in grade 5 bullies galore cause i am smart	i barbecue what i hunt with my brothers .	 nice i wish my girlfriend would see that way	smart people like me write stuff in springfield .	 i can not write but i can type fast	my girlfriend is from springfield
 hey there how are you ? i am so nervous about tonight you would not believe .	haha , you and me both ! what are your plans ?	 i am going to ask my girl to marry me , want to make her a honest wife .	what an odd coincidence ! me too !	 we are expecting a baby going to ask her tonight on the field .	my woman is 6 months along . i planned on asking at dinner tonight .	 aww mine is also , just got us a new home near her folks an just graduated	we got a new house a couple days ago near my ladies parents also .	 this is so ironic , are you me lol	everyone has a doppelganger ! haha . just started a new job coaching highschool kids .	 gotcha wow , me too , identity scamming me huh ?	i will keep dinner on our account low tonight , no worries . hope your engagement goes well !	 my wife is going to flip when i tell her this ha !	i just hope it is not my wife ! ! !	 cool lol i appreciate that greatly . i hope so also ! ! ! that is my baby !	are you hoping for a boy or a girl ?
 hello , i am a yoga loving vegan !	hey ! that is awesome . i am a punk rock singer	 you practice any type of meditating ?	no i do not , though i do enjoy writing poetry from time to time	 i do a little bit of writing in my marketing job .	i do some song writing for my punk band . i really want to perform in the uk	 i wish you good luck with that . i always wanted to go .	yeah hopefully i can skate across buckingham palace .	 you should try yoga , it might help you focus on skating even better !	maybe i will ! whats your favorite color ?	 orange ! the same color of my favorite snack ; carrots with ranch !	black is mine ! figures , punk rock !	 i love punk rock , except when they wear leather , aside from that i am a fan	well it was nice knowing you , gotta get ready for my show !
 hi there , will you go fishing with me ?	sure but only if you cook the fist for me . i do not cook .	 you would have to watch my five children while i cook .	can i take them to the grocery store ? i work there and do some acting too !	 sure just do not loose them	can i dress them up too ? i enjoy dressing up for others .	 i do not know , their grandmother is a lawyer , just so you know .	i was hoping she was a dermatologist . i m obsess with skin care !	 that would be convenient right ?	yes , i like to take care of my skin !	 i intern with computers so i have bad skin .	as an actress i have to have good skin !	 sounds like a must i guess .	it is that is why i don t cook so i don t get burnt .
 hello , how are you today ?	how are you doing tonight	 i am fine , thanks . are you a college student ?	no i am a mother of 2 boys and 1 girl	 that is so nice that you can be home with your children .	yes i love it i am a baker out of my home	 i get your children love that you are a baker . . lots of sweets . .	yes i make cakes cup cakes and cookies	 sounds yummy ! when i am not in school , i do construction work .	what are you in school for	 sounds yummy ! when i am not in school , i have a summer job .	what is your summer job
 hello there do you like parties ?	dude , i am the party king ! college is seriously sweet , so many parties bro .	 that is cool , i love parties too and try to go to one every other night .	i have a job at a pizza place . talk about the hookup for parties	 hey that is cool . i also work at a pizza place actually . free pizza !	for real , bro . beach parties are the bomb though . its my favorite place	 bro ! i love going to the beach , i meet all the fly honeys there .	duuuude . i am studying business . i hope that i can like have a beach business	 i am taking some business in college too . a beach business sounds cool .	it is my major . aside from beach partans	 ever been to a beach rave ?	yes bro . so . much . molly .	 i know where to get molly also .	molly goes with me everywhere
 hello , how are you today ?	i am good and you ?	 i am catching up on , the walking dead do you watch the show ?	i do not , i am brewing some beer right now .	 that is awesome , i enjoy reading , i actually just read a book on brewing .	very cool ! i lile to make coffee too .	 i like coffee , i drink it while reading harry potter .	cool . sometimes it is rough being a gay man	 i understand , i am a vegetarian , i wonder which is worse ?	good question ! lol where do you live ? i am in portland oregon .	 i live in vegas , i mostly stay in and read .	that sounds like a fun place to live !	 it is , but i would rather stay in and read a good book	true it is always fun to get lost in a good book .
 hello and how are you today ?	i am well just hanging out watching tv . you ?	 listening to music , not working today ?	nah i am not on the schedule for a couple days . you ?	 working , waiting for lunch , i love to eat .	me too . i might crack open a cold one here in minute . what are you listening to ?	 lukas graham , what is your favorite thing to eat ?	sounds like a country singer . i like to eat chocolate . any hobbies ?	 i love mostly anything . swimming i would say first love .	cool i like walking in the park . i love it actually	 hiking is fun too , it gives me time to daydream	are you a daydream believer ?	 yep , want to win the lottery , does not everybody ?	yeah . i like sports betting . try not to have bias though	 sounds like you keep busy .	i do . i try to . it keeps my mind active .
hi there . how are you today ?	exhausted still , been on the road for far too long	 sorry to hear that . any kids ?	none yet , maybe some day . . . you ?	 i have 2 . a four year old and six year old .	getting easier or tougher ?	 staying about the same . tell me something about yourself .	well , former truck driver , like my dad , but now i just fix them	 i am in a wheel chair . drunk driver two years ago .	sorry to hear that . hope your kids are not too much to handle	 no they are not . they are my life .	that is sweet . what else do you do ?	 i love to read when i have time .	reading strait puts me to sleep , can not do it lol	 i love cooking too . and making my kids happy .	mac and cheese usually works on my nephews
 hi been drinking coffee all day . . lol how are you ?	haha i am good ! had a physical today . things did not change still 5 foot ! lol	 ll i am healthy as i love to do yoga everyday before i go to my teaching job	wow , pretty good . i am not as dedicated . how many siblings do you have ?	 i am a twin . i have an identical twin sister	cool ! i am the youngest of eight . . . only girl !	 are you spoiled ? ll i bet	haha , not with that many siblings . i am the forgotten child . literally . my parents are 85 . lol !	 wow ! i need a snack right now , my downfall is chocolate so tasty	mmm chocolate is so much ! i love a good sunset and a piece of chocolate	 great combo ! ! if we lived close we could share it together	haha , yeah . where do you live ?	 cleveland ohio all my life	oh ! yep it would be a long drive for you .	 where do you live ? not close ?	miami florida . . . at least a days drive i think
 hi how are you doing ?	i am doing very well , and how about you ?	 i am good thanks for asking	i just got back from a rock climbing trip , i even brought my dog along .	 what do you do for a living ?	i write childrens books based on my childhood visits to maine for summer vacations as a child .	 what city are you from ?	i am from the big city of hartford connecticut	 do you have any other hobbies ?	well i pan for gold , i listen to indian flute music .	 do you have any pets ?	yes i have a chocolate lab
 so how do we usually start ? hi , maybe ?	yes . that works . hello .	 nice to meet you . . . so , uh , like dogs ?	i do like them . they love to lick my long fingers too .	 that is a bit of an unusual thing to say lol	i know , i am odd . especially with my long fingers and legs . sorry .	 no need to apologize , just saying the first thing that came to mind	thank you . we should have dinner sometime , no ?	 possibly , tell me a little bit about yourself , other than your long fingers	i have an extreme shrimp allergy . i am also out of shape .	 well , when i cook for you shrimp is off the menu	thanks ! i like to be alive . where are you living ?	 montana at the moment , ever be anything other than alive ?	possibly , before i came into being . i would like to see that state someday .	 it is not all that great . . . my job brought me here	i like the outdoors . what work do you do ?
 hi ! how is your sunday ?	hi ! my sunday is going well so far . how is your day ?	 fantastic just going down the lake for a swim	do you have any children ?	 i do not . i have my horror novels to keep me busy	you sound like an interesting person .	 i am a very interesting accountant you could say	i work for an insurance company . would you want to go out someday ?	 i would love too ! maybe i can show you some novels	i would love that ! we could bowl too ; i am a professional .	 that sounds like fun ! i love blue colored balls	i have a daughter and a son who also love blue colored balls . you should meet them	 i should ! that sounds very nice	i have been looking for a good date ever since i got a divorce . you sound great	 well i have tons of money , we would be a good match	i care for my grandmother during the week . she could really use some money , you know
 hey ! how are you doing ?	i am great . you ? watching some tv .	 i am just waiting for some cookies to finish baking	oh that sounds good . do you like to bake ?	 i do . i am really talented at baking	i love playing the piano .	 are you very good at it ? i love listening to piano music	i think i am pretty good .	 cool . what do you do for a living ?	i work at a restaurant , you ? are you in a relationship ?	 i work as a nurse . and yes , i am betrothed to my hs sweetheart	oh . i am dating a guy in the army .	 that is too funny . i actually grew up as an army brat	me too ! my dad passed away .	 that is heartbreaking . i am sorry	it has been almost four years .
 hi there ! tell me about yourself	i like to play soccer , i love games of throne and a vegan	 that is pretty cool . i am an older woman , who knows how to make a mean stew	i like mean stew	 i could make you a meat free stew !	that is nice but what about mashed potatoes	 if it has cheese in it ! cheese is the bomb .	must taste very good	 oh yeah . cheese plate frank sinatra playing , and watching spongebob on mute , perfect	that is some type of combo	 well , you gotta try it high or its not worth it . but yeah	i guess i am will , just thinking make me want to eat
 hi ! i am a great baker . everybody loves my pecan pie .	i bet it is fantastic , but i do not eat any type of bread	 oh that is too bad . it is really delicious .	i bet it is great at the holidays , winter is my favorite time of year	 i love winter too . my birthday is december 25 right in the middle of winter .	i love christmas , my friend gave me a car for christmas one year	 wow i wish my friends would do that for me .	it was a special car because i am physically handicapped and cannot walk	 it sounds like the really care about you .	yes , i have amazing friends .	 you are really so lucky . my friends would not even help me back in law school .	oh that is awful . mine brought me vitamin c today , because i feel a cold coming on	 i agree i think i need new friends .	it certainly sounds that way
 good morning . how are you feeling ?	lousy . a million miles from the nearest ocean . man i sure miss fresh fish !	 maybe you can read about the ocean . i adore books and they help .	always been afraid that books would ruin my keen eyesight . i am a sharpshooter for the marines .	 well i will pray you get to the ocean soon . a christian prayer .	i am muslim myself . and so now a democrat . was republican until trump came in .	 he is more frightening than all of the stephen king books i love .	i am more afraid of his presidency than a beating by either parent both huling 6 7 .	 ll . . . yes i love horror movies and this is definitely one of them	well . at least i got my marine skills . repelling . vertical leap . holding breath .	 sounds more exciting than my job as a vet tech	ink about that . at least the animals wo not be science deniers at you !	 i suppose you are right about that .	maybe your job will lead to something more exciting a zoo job training 20 species .
 hello i am a doctor just like my parents	hello ! oh nice . i teach kindergarten .	 i love kids there the best	yes . i am glad i studied for early childhood education .	 i am a surgeon but i would love to help lids	i just adopted a puppy and my students named him tiki .	 tiki is such a good name what breed is it ?	a poodle . do you have any pets ?	 no but i would love a dog	nice . i am an old soul in a young body . how about you ?	 i do not know i am just focused	that is nice . i love 80s music . ever heard of the pretenders ?
hey , how is it going ?	i am omar , its super awesome to meet you !	 nice to meet you . i just finished working on my garden . what about you ?	i was just playing the guitar in a band that is local .	 oh that is great ! whats the name of your band ?	oh ! its called never been to the city .	 that is a strange name but edgy . i like it . do you have a favorite band ? mines ween	its gotta be the beatles , my two older brothers love them too .	 an iconic band . can never go wrong with them	yeah , because i am the youngest , its why i learned the guitar , like mccartney .	 that is amazing . i have always wanted to play the guitar .	well , i only play because my older brothers are in the band too .
 hello how are you today ?	hey ! great . how are you ?	 its a rainy day , rough day to watch the clouds .	i love taking pictures , and some of the best pictures are on rainy days	 i agree . rain is my favorite . but not a good day to lay on the grass .	you would only get a little wet . tho nice weather works better for my hobby	 your job sounds more pleasing than mine .	my dreams are pleasing . travel the world as a famous photographer .	 gosh can i please tag along , i sell snakeskin oil .	i would love company . been lonely since i lost my husband .	 oh i am very sorry about that . do you know jacob sartorius ? the singer .	no i do not . i like adam levin . his music complements my photographs .	 oh , do you have a costco near you ?	i do . i get some of my photos printed there	 oh good . its my favorite store .	do you find it to be worth the membership costs ?
hello how are you doing	hi . i am good thanks . do you have any plans this weekend ?	 not really maybe go to the arcade	cool . i m probably going to watch some ufc and maybe take a long drive somewhere	 you should listen to linking park while driving , their music sucks but i listen	okay , i ll give them a listen . what type of music do you like best ?	 anything that relays an uplifting message , it helps my depression . how about you ?	i like hearing music from different cultures cause i love traveling	 that is cool . what has been your favorite destination so far ?	that s a good question . i can t really choose honestly . do you have a job ?	 unfortunately not . i have not really done much of anything besides play arcade since i have graduated high school .	i have a factory job . what type of games do you like to play ?
 hi , how is day going ?	going good . i am just getting ready to start a marathon of the walking dead .	 i like raw onion , and vegetables	me too . with a good deer steak that i shot last year .	 what is you hobbies and your favorite games	hunting and watching the tigers play baseball . you ?	 playing football , cooking , travelling and sleeping	have you ever cooked a fresh deer steak ?	 no , what is your hair color ?	blonde , why do you ask ?	 just like , i have vegetables garden , you ?	yes , i have a veggie garden . i love getting the vegetables out of it .	 well , what is your qualification ?	my qualification ? i do not understand what you are asking
 you watching the game right now ?	no , i do not watch many sports .	 love sports bro , go raptors ! ! !	i spend a lot of time at the casino .	 cards or the ponies ? what is your poison	cards and slots usually . i love going with my friends .	 group thing nice . as of late i am on my own . dental school is intense	what do your parents do ?	 they used to be doctors . retired now	oh . my mom is a palm reader .	 really ? do you believe in that stuff	no i do not . i think she is crazy .	 lol you do not sound close to her . . . .	i am not very close to her .	 sometime i wish i was not close to mine . . . she can be too much	do you have any hobbies ?
 hi , how are you today ?	not bad . i wish it was the 7th . that is my favorite number . you ?	 also 7 , don t know why . do you like music ?	i am a deaf . but my wife listens to it . i feel the vibrations .	 i like the guitar , i know how to play very good . do you have kids ?	7 . since i have never driven , my wife was always running them around . you ?	 i love my four daughters , also michigan state troopers , i used to be one	nice . you retired ? i am . i just read books now . at least 7 a week .	 yes , i just love to eat chocolate cake , with extra frosting	my wife says i am weird , cause i like to scratch my nose . cake , yum !	 it s not weird , normal things .	thanks . what else do you like ?	 pretty much everything with extra frosting .	i can understand that ! you married ?	 yes , i am married and have four kids	you need 3 more . then you too will have 7 .
 hi i am janet how are we today ?	i a doing ok . . . thinking of firing my maids .	 ouch i do not know what i would do with out my nanny my nails are my life	mine too ! do you like to travel ? i am lucky i have the money to .	 yes my husband is a lawyer for a big corporation so travel is a must	my wife was a miss usa . the travel was hard on the kids .	 i used to be in pageants growing up . and i understand the family pains	its terrible to say but the kids have been a bit of a disappointment .	 aww i currently only have 1 son owen	that is a great name . do you like sweets ? i love cheesecake !	 oh cheesecake is amazing same with tiramisu	i love tiramisu also ! do you have any hobbies ?	 yeah photography i love pics of everything	making lots of money is my hobby .
 how are you today	i am good how are you	 i am great a little chilly here	yeah i wish it was still summer where do you live	 i am in wv i do not i hate summer	what kind of food do you like	 i love sea food i like shrimp and crabs	i am into pizza boring i know lol	 i eat it alot as a kid so i hate it now	haha that is funny what do you like to do on the weekends	 i love to play sports and bake	that is cool i love to go to the beach	 i love the beach to i love the water period	yeah its so fun too bad its starting to get cold
 how about that eclipse ? did you see it ?	yeah it was great i saw it at the white house	 hey , can you get me a lunch date with jared kushner ?	no he is married to my daughter i will tell him you like him tho	 so are you nutz or what . . . looking at the eclipse without special glasses ?	i had glasses me and my wife did	 i think you need to drive a more fuel efficient car ; mines a prius .	i ride in whatever secret service wants me to ride in . it feels great	 you can stop spending so much time golfing and more time working .	i do not golf as much and have been there when things happen that need me	 i have looked into the mouth of a volcano without flinching .	what do you do for a living	 i write travel guids for lonely planet .	that sounds interesting and fun
 hello , what do you do for fun ?	like games ? i play nintendo alot	 i meant hobbies , but i like nintendo too . i also like to go to new places	oh i like to play with my dog an my rc cars an race	 nice , what kind of dog do you have ?	a husky , you have an pets ?	 no , no pets for me	really ? okay where do you live ?	 i live on the east coast , you ?	i am in the great white north	 i love the snow , i travel there during the holidays	really ? i try to leave when it comes	 what do you for a living ?	i race the cars for a living	 that is really cool . more exciting than my job	what is your job you do ?
 hello how are you today ?	i am doing well ! how about you ?	 i am alright . what do you drive ? i love my black pick up .	i drive a mini van . i need it to drive my 2 children around .	 that is still nice . my pickup truck is a ford .	nice , what kind of food do you like to eat ?	 regular i suppose . what do you eat ?	i really enjoy eating sushi .	 i do not think i would eat sushi .	can you tell me a little about yourself ?	 i really like to drive pick up trucks all the time , even in my spare time .	that sounds fun . is there anything that you would like to know about me ?	 are you married ? how old are your children ?	i am married . my husband fights fires for a living .	 what do you do for hobbies ?	i enjoy doing volunteer work . i feel so good when i can help other people .
 hello . how are you this fine evening ?	oh , pretty good . i just got home from coaching volleyball . how are you ?	 good other than feeling water logged from all the tea i have drank . haha	haha ! so what do you do besides drink tea ?	 i love going to museums whether to look at art or artifacts . what do you like ?	well , i teach 6th grade , but in my down time i like to crochet or watch football	 you are quite versatile !	i keep busy how often do you visit museums ? have you been to many ?	 i try to visit museums at least several times a year .	that is neat . i enjoy museums too . i have only been to a handful though .	 i also enjoy writing , if and when , i have any free time .	awesome ! i would rather go out and sing karaoke than stay in .
hi how are you tonight ?	i am doing great i have got pizza and a movie . best friday . how are you	 i am good . that pizzas making me hungry suddenly however .	my apologies lol . how is the weather where you are ? staying dry i hope	 yes , i am good . but friends in fl are going to have a hard time .	i grew up on the west coast right near the ocean . i cannot imagine a hurricane	 spent 20 years in n . cal . 5 years in fl and now in nyc area	nice we travel a lot . staying in texas for a while now i think	 what part of tx ? not houston .	much farther north . there is entirely too much texas but do not tell anyone i said that	 right . i agree , but like austin	austin is the portland of now . i love it .	 its been some time since i have been there , but grat music scene	its also a very dog friendly city , weirdly enough . dogs are my favorite .
 hello how are you ? i am fine myself but its too hot here !	oh where are you at ? its nice and cool here	 in florida but i love cold winter , i wish i lived in iceland ! you ?	oh i am in hawaii , its still early so its not hot yet	 oh nice ! my favorite musician is a banjo player from there . . i love weird music haha	that is cool , so what are you doing now ?	 currently practicing my cursive writing ! what about you ?	i am taking a break from looking for my lizard , he got out of his cage	 oh i hope you find him soon ! i am waiting for something interesting to happen myself	i keep calling gila but no answer ! i bet he is hiding in the plants	 gila is the name of my favorite electro country musician hehe	awesome ! yea i have like a jungle in my house i love plants !	 i do too but my favorite plants live in cold places so i cannot grow them here	yeah i bet ! i need to move all my plants because i am going to paint	 what do you paint usually ?	i am painting the whole house purple !
hello . how are you doing today ?	i am doing great . working on my novel . what are you up to ?	 cool . i am doing nothing . what is the novel about ?	it is a love story . i really enjoy writing . do you write or read ?	 my all time favorite musical group is creed . yes , i do	creed is awesome . i found a cool creed pen on amazon .	 is it worth a lot ?	no but i like to collect pens . do you collect anything ?	 my dad is in prison , which makes me sad . i collect letters from him	that is sad is he getting out soon ?	 no , ten more years actually	that is a long time . was he falsely accused ?	 i do not know . i am on welfare by the way	i do not make much money either . i wish i made more .	 it is tough that is for sure	i would prefer not to work . what do you do in your spare time ?
 hello , how are you tonight ?	doing well , thanks . about to go to the beach and take a walk .	 that sounds lovely . i am not allowed to be alone with men . daddy is a preacher .	oh boy , that sounds rough . do you cook at home ?	 i do not . i work	i love cooking meals and listening to pop music .	 i listen to gospel , and read a lot .	i like to read and paint as well . my favorite is blue .	 i like looking at paintings .	do you watch tv ? i live game of thrones .	 i do , i am a walking dead fan .	love that show . darryl is my favorite .	 i love the one who carries lucille , and father gabriel .	oh yes . he is creepy . great show .	 it is a great show . my neighbor was daryl for halloween last year .	cool . i think i will make some chicken quesadillas .
hello , its me . i have been wondering if you would like to chat about some things .	that would be great ! how was your day ? i just home from a hike .	 it was good . i jammed out to pop music all day .	before my mom passed , pop music was her favorite too .	 i am sorry , my parents both died while riding the bus .	so sorry ! that is is why i try to hike often with my golden retriever , charlie .	 i love golden retrievers . i love the fluffiness of their tails . it is my favorite thing	me too ! i work at advertising firm that works with a lot of fluffy animals .	 fluffy is my favorite word of all . that sounds amazing .	it really is . are there any good places to hike where you live ?	 yes , everywhere is a hiking trail .	i never thought about it like that . i love your perspective !
 hello , how are you ?	good than . tell me about yourself	 i am a recently single art teacher . glamorous right ?	very	 she just recently left me . a few weeks ago . angry i did not own a tv . shallow right ?	youre a man ?	 last time i checked , yes .	lol i just assumed	 what did you have for dinner ? curious , i hate pizza so i had pasta	spaghetti with meatballs	 ha , same ! sitting back reading a book now , enjoying the quiet , .	where are you from ?	 maine . you ?	cali
 it is sad being a one child home	living in seattle i would not know because it is very busy	 though i dance , but there is nobody to share it with	google does not give me much time to dance	 i wish i am busy as you are	become a software engineer like me , it will keep you busy	 but i will lose my attention to my 3 cats	i had cats but they kept getting into my salt water tank	 i even colored my hair blonde	i try to grow my own lobsters which are yummy	 this is to match with my cats	what kind of seafood do you like ?	 i do not like seafoods at all	lobster has to my by absolute favorite
 hello , how are you doing today ?	hi , i am doing okay how are you today ?	 i am great . but i work at a restaurant which is stressful . . .	i bet restaurants can become very busy ! i have twin boys so i understand	 wow that is crazy . i work with my two brothers . who are also twins !	yeah that is crazy . are your brothers tall ? i hope my boys don not get my height	 we are all very short italians . how tall are you ?	i am 5 foot 3	 well , that is not too short . do you have a job ?	no i am a stay at home mom my husband takes care of the bills	 that is nice . do you want to go to work when the boys are older ?	i might part time not sure yet . where do you work ?	 at the restaurant with my brothers , remember ?	oh yeah i do sorry about that . short term memory i guess	 haha , it is ok . what kind of car do you drive ? i have an audi .	i have a dodge challenger and a van i use the van when they have games
 i am so tired . i am ready to clock out . are you at work ?	yes , i am . i know how you feel .	 between my wife , two kids , and work , i sleep 10 hours to be rested .	i am so ready to go home , relax and watch tv	 i am going with you ! can i bring my guitar ?	of course you can . we can jam and have a few cold ones .	 i am in . we need a few more members and we can tour .	instead of going to my house , we can go to the lake	 i have the wife and kids though . i will leave the factory early .	no one said that they were not welcome too	 it would be much more relaxing without them . you have kids ?	no . i do not .	 do not do it . you spend all your time working for them .	i know that all too well . i am a 5th grade teacher
whats up with you today ? feeling a little down an out you ?	yeah , kinda . my job is not giving me enough hours .	 awe man why not ? i work for commercials	well , juggling school and work is difficult	 i love watching tv my dad passed when i was in high school last year .	one day , i will be incharge of my own business and i will work however many hours	 i understand totally , i love metal music sometimes you gotta rock out	actually , i am going to go rock out with my friend at the gay pride parade later	 that is pretty dope ? you enjoy tv or movies ?	yeah , anything to do with computers .	 cool what do you like to watch ?	rob cop is pretty good movie .	 i like just about anything honestly	that is nice man . yeah , i hope to get my degree soon in computer engineering
hey there ! how is your day going ?	pretty well how about you ?	 good ! just taking a break from my shift at a restaurant	i am so lonely in this cabin	 so sorry to hear that . what do you like to do in your free time ?	i go fishing at the lake outside my cabin	 awesome . i like to create new recipes . gonna open my own restaurant someday	you should cook for me on my boat	 what do you like to eat ?	the fish i catch obviously	 oh yeah . obviously ! you like watching movies ?	i do since i have so much alone time	 so , whats your fav . movie ?	cabin in the woods . heh .
 hi	hey , hows it going ?	 good . . . what do you do ?	well , not much , just something to make money . i am all about that green !	 do you work ?	yeah , but it does not really feel like work .	 what do you do ?	i translate and edit academic documents , but my mom was a weightlifter .	 i am a college student	college was hard for me because of my stinky feet .	 lol	but i am also a brown eyed blond , so always attracted men from a distance .	 are you married ?	nah . husbands are expensive , and i am into keeping my moola .	 haha	what about you ? are you married or single ?
 hey i am ree . how are you today ?	hello , my name is rose . i am doing well , and you ?	 not too bad , tell me about yourself ?	well , i retired a few years ago , and have focused on my love of baking !	 oh that is awesome ! i am a vegan and work as an emergency room nurse	ah , i imagine that is pretty stressful . but , must be very rewarding , no ?	 sometimes , but i like the fast paced work . i also love to read	i could never get into it , the only thing i read is recipe books lol	 that is ok though ! do you like movies ? that is my other favorite thing	not particularly , i am just a boring old lady lol . any children ?	 oh i love julia roberts , especially pretty woman yep 7 1 year old girls	that is great . just a 5 year old grandson here . he loves chocolate cake !	 smart boy . . i like chocolate cake too	who does not right ? last time i made it the retirement home went nuts !	 i bet . i am no good at baking . i have a hard time with boxed mixes lol	haha , well , we all have our different talents on this earth , no ?
 hello tell me about yourself	hi there i am a mother of 3 wonderful children and i am a elementary teacher	 i am a dj , i am blind and i cant drive	do you enjoy djing my children and i garden alot .	 i do ! i just hate using my cane to get around	could you get a service dog to help you instead	 i could that is a good idea	do you live near the city ? i do and it is rough getting around .	 i live in california , near the beach	wow it must be nice . i hate living in the suburbs	 where do you live at or near ?	suburbs of pittsburgh i would love to move though	 how pittsburgh weather down there ?	it has finally cooled off here . i assume its sunny in california
hello there ! how are you ?	hello ! i am great . how are you ?	 i am doing just fine thank you	tell me about yourself	 i am studying geology at the university of alabama	cool , and how is that going ?	 all as so far . i plan on marrying my gf once i graduate	that is wonderful , i wish you much happiness .	 i wish you the same	do you have any hobbies ? i play piano and play baseball	 i love to watch the alabama football games	oh wow , whats it like to go to a game ?
 hello , what do you do for fun ?	right now not much . i have three kids and work in nursing . pretty busy .	 same here , i am into politics , trying to get out democrat to win the next house election .	that would be a relief , for sure . need some sanity back in the system .	 i do a few things for fun , was into gymnastics when young but now into swimming .	swimming is fun . relaxes me , which is good because i have bipolar disorder	 sorry to hear that , what type of swimming to you do ?	the only type i know , flap my arms and legs .	 i do pool exercises , i can to jump out of a pool from the water	wow . not me , but i can jump in , lol .	 lol , it takes work , i was really out of shape two years ago	speaking of shape , what do you like to eat ? i love pita and hummus .	 hummus is good , seafood is my favorite , overall food	yum , love seafood , too . could eat salmon , shrimp , all the time	 where do you do nursing ?	saint montgomery hospital in wichita . good outfit .
 hello , i am lucy . how was your weekend ?	hi i am kane it was great spend time with the wife and kids	 nice ! i went kayaking , like i do most weekends . how many kids ?	i have two sons one wants to try to be an actor like i did	 i always wanted to be in the navy like my dad . but he traveled often .	there is a lot of traveling for the navy i am a baker	 ovens make me nervous . i pull my nails and chew them . are you good ?	sometimes i make decent money but cannot wait to retire it gets boring at times	 i bet . tell me more about you ? i gotta go soon .	i love my wife very much she makes me smile the most	 that is sweet . whats her name ?	her name is lucille	 that is my name also ! ok , i really have to go now .	ok hope you have a good rest of the day
 good morning ! i just got my nails done yesterday , i do it every saturday	oh that must be nice . what do you do for a living ?	 it is . i work for a lawyer . . . i am the receptionist . you ?	i am a waitress . no getting nails done for me .	 my family runs a grocery store so i also work there	i am trying to study right now , but my kids are eating breakfast and keep needing things .	 what are you studying for ? i like to daydream about visiting paris and the cafes	i am studying to become a doctor .	 that is time consuming . i low key watch wwe so i would not have time for that	you work a lot . i bet paris is well within reach .	 i hope so , thank you	what is wwe ? i have not heard of it before .	 it is a type of wrestling	because you watch it , you would not have time to go to school ?	 yes it is something i do in secret	is it some kind of addiction ? i do not understand . unless you mean you participate .
 do you like popcorn , i do not at all	i love popcorn its great when you are watching a movie .	 i love nachos while watching a movie	that sounds great ! my husband loves nachos too but do not like him .	 my job is at a movie theater , where do you work ?	i am a travel agent so i am always going places . do you like working there ?	 my boyfriend is studying acting and is currently in school	awesome ! my husband is also in school . i lift weights do you ?	 i love doing clips on my camcorder	i like being with my family and friends . what do you record ?	 which i got from my mom and dad	cool ! i never had a mom and dad so i have become pretty strong on my own .	 i hate lifting weights , kills my body	but its so good for you ! you can develop muscle mass and be stronger .	 that is very sad to hear ! ! ! ! but strong is good ! ! !	absolutely , do you like being with family and friends ?
hey , i am jared how are you ?	i am good . do you have any pets ?	 no but i do have a pair of shoes . do you have any pets ? ?	i have one cat . do you work ?	 sometimes , i mainly eat at restaurants though . never at home , you ?	well i work at a cafe . i wait tables .	 how fun ! do you scratch any backs there ? i love having mine scratched	i do not i would rather be alone .	 heard that brother sister . you watch movies though ?	no my mom was a nurse and wanted us to read	 reading is awesome . whats your favorite book ?	she is come undone by wally lamb . yours ?	 the cat and the hat , guess . classic literature for me	ha ! with a side of green eggs and ham ? ?	 i might like them . . . sam i am . .	you are a funny guy , jared .
hi , do you enjoy watching movies ?	i do . but my real passion is exploring . i aspire to be an explorer .	 exploring can be fun , i enjoy watching horror movies at the flicks	oh nice ! do you get scared easy ?	 no ! i was raised by my grandma so fear nothing .	oh yes grandmas can be scary . i have been to india a lot .	 oh cool , i have been to india a few times to become a music teacher there	oh nice ! i am a athlete so i travel a lot .	 have you been to many places worldwide ? are you in competitions ?	yes . sometimes . competition is good sometimes .	 off topic , what is your favourite colour ?	mine is blue . do you have a favorite color
 hello how are you today ?	i am great ! got a big test tomorrow to study for , though .	 oh what type of test is it ?	accounting . blew . its only the second week of school .	 oh boy yes that is a hard one do you work ?	nope , full time school . and you ?	 i am also in school full time	whats your major and your school ?	 business management i love it	i have heard that is very popular lately . hobbies ?	 yes it is i like running	i wish i were more ambitious . i like the couch and the cartoon network . ll	 lol i like to go out and dance with my friends	great exercise . music , not so much . i am more , like , megadeath . . .
hello ! how are you today ?	hi , doing ok . how are you ?	 i could be better , i had to wash dishes !	aw bummer . i am getting ready to go riding today	 i am planning on sitting on my couch and doing nothing	sounds nice too . what are your hobbies ?	 really just watching t . v . and playing with my puppy	any favorite shows ? i like riding . . . horses , motorcycles , my classic cars .	 i love american horror story	nice . where do you live ?	 i love in new mexico , what about you ?	berkeley right now . but i also live in portland , arizona , and others	 portland arizona ? never heard of it	no sorry portland oregon and a little town in arizona that no one has ever heard of	 ohhhh okay that makes more sense	yeah haha . i like to drive my motorcycle or vintage cars back and forth
 hi i am julie and i make model cars for a living	hi julie i work for an airline .	 i can sit on the couch all day and like it	that would be nice . i just sit in a chair and fly .	 i make about 30k a year , and i enjoy eating mac n cheese	are you afraid of anything ? i cannot stand the sight of insects .	 i hate spiders , spiders just get to me a lot .	me too ! they are the worst . i have to call my gf in slc to complain .	 what did she say when you have complained ?	says get over it , kill the spider yourself , you are a pilot .	 yeah well big spiders are not my thing . its something i am working on .	so do you like dogs ?	 i do but my apartment does not allow it .	sad my beagles would not like that arrangement	 yeah , its not my choice but its the landlord	what do your parents do ? mine were military .
 good morning ! its a beautiful day for taking pictures !	family pictures ! family is everything to me ! how big is yours ?	 about average . i am the little brother with two older ones and mom and dad !	i am the oldest of 4 siblings , but the shortest . only 5 3 .	 there is a girl in some of my freshman nyu classes who is shorter !	my father teaches middle school , and is only 5 4 . his students are taller	 that can be rough . tell him to wear blue its a power color !	will do ! whats your major	 criminology . what can i say i wear blue and bleed it to !	youre crazy . i would be having nightmares . i cannot watch crime tv show even	 i probably am . i hope to get into crime scene photography . combine my passions !	well , someone has to do it . better u than me !
how are you doing today ?	i am just okay today . how are you ?	 i am good i am just watching tom and jerry with my imaginary friends	imaginary friends ? that is cool i guess	 miley cyrus lives down the street from me she told me it was cool	hmm , interesting . do you have any real animals to go with your imaginary friends ?	 i am only 19 so i am not allowed , they are like jovannie no real animals yet !	i am having a hard time following you . my dogs name is miley , is not that ironic ?	 yes very ironic that is cute !	i am sad today because it is the 10 year anniversary of my mothers death .	 aww i am sorry to hear that	thanks . i am making the soup recipe she taught me when i was young
 hello ! anything going on with you today ?	not much just headin off to work .	 where do you work ? i teach as a yoga instructor	i just do contract work , i do roofing .	 is that lonely work ? i enjoy the solace of being alone .	not at all there are about eight of us .	 do you have any favorites ? for instance , i like pink .	i like all sorts of country it does not matter what	 cool , do you live near family ?	nah they are all pretty far away .	 i live near my father , though my mother has passed away . have partner ?	nice ! no i am a widower .	 i am sorry to hear that , do you have any pets	yeah i have a a dog that is getting a little old .	 cool what breed of dog ? blue heelers are cute !	they are , mine is a lab .
 hi there , how are you today ?	pretty good , here painting , you ?	 i need to paint , but being a full time working mom college student is time consuming	cool , i am in school of art , what are you studying	 studying to become a doctor . cannot wait for a new life making more than 215 an hour	wow nice , you make 2 . 15 or 215 hour ?	 i will be making 215 one day yeah . sick of waiting tables right now	oh okay , yes you will get there	 home so , how about you ?	i am home in studio painting	 i meant to say hope , but i wish i was home haha	ahh okay , haha , where are you ?	 i am on my break at work . should be studying	oh i see , my overall goal is to paint murals
 hi there , how are you ?	i am doing great . just had sushi for lunch .	 i love sushi . it is so easy to eat with 3 thumbs	it is my absolute favorite food .	 what are you good at ? some say i am good at talking and can talk so fast	i am great at packing for trips . i visit my brother in england .	 i like england . at least they did not fake the moon landing	england is fantastic , have you been before ?	 yes , my whole family lives there . we all love the color red !	why did you move away ?	 i came here on a scholarship for typing . i am able to type 140 words a minute	wow , i can not type that fast at all .	 yep . 3 thumbs helps . as does talking fast . my mind is like a race track	that is quite interesting , have you ever thought of having it removed ?
 what are you up to today ?	hello , not much . got off work , have to grade papers for my class . you ?	 oh you are a teacher ? i analyze finances for a beer company	yeah , elementary teacher . that sounds like an interesting job . is it hard ?	 i get to drink a lot of beer . i have tried 35 kinds of beer before	drinking is fun , wish i got to drink while at work sometimes , hah !	 it does make it more interesting . and i drink at the casinos too	do you gamble while there , or is that just part of the job ?	 i gamble there . wife does not like it but i am pretty good at blackjack	sounds fun . i am single , but will go hiking and focus on my job .	 we have been together for 6 years	that is great . where about do you both live ?	 i live in vegas . right by all casinos	that is the perfect place then . i live in new york myself .
hello , nice to meet you .	hey there , how are you this evening	 doing pretty good . i am just sitting here listening to my favorite band pearl jam .	i love pearl jam , what do you do for fun ?	 i like to go hiking and riding my bike , weather is permitting , here in boston .	when i visited boston , i froze my butt off . i volunteer at animal shelters	 cool , i wish i could find the time , i work late nights and sleep in the day .	i work night shifts as well , but i have learned to live on way less sleep	 lol . i wish i could . what else do you do in your spare time ?	i watch quite a bit of football , and i try and travel as much as possible	 where do you live at ?	a little north of the houston area , pretty warm here	 if you ever visit boston again , maybe we can meet for coffee .	that would be cool , i have family up in that area
 good afternoon , how are you ? its a gloomy day for this old girl	not to bad , on days like today , i enjoy many drinks	 what kind of drinks do you enjoy	as long as there is booze it is all good	 haha i feel you on that one . i do not drink much because i have a grandson	children , i write books for them	 oh nice , do you write about animals at all ? i like animals	o yeah , just not a lot about loving things , i do not believe in that	 oh really , well i love my grandson , daughter , animals , and life . just made 77	the only think you can consider love , it my online shopping	 haha , i love being online anyway i can , i used to be a computer programmer	when did you retire from work ?	 ah i am too old to remember haha , about 10 years ago	no worries for 10 years , that is awesome , long way aways for me	 yea , how old are you ?	i am 32 , going on 40 . ha
hi how are you doing ?	i am ok , just ate dinner .	 what do you do for a living ?	what are some of your hobbies ?	 i love watching movies in my spare time	i am a professional translator .	 what city are you from ?	did you already cook dinner ?	 no i did not yet	i am from washington , dc .	 i am from cali , have you ever been ?	what area are you from ?	 i am in the inland empire	ok , no i never been to the westside .	 do you have any pets ?	yes i have 3 dogs and a tiger .
sigh . i did not pass that audition i had earlier .	well do not feel too bad i never got my scholarship for swim team either	 that stinks . i really think i have a real skill here , i do not understand .	i know the feeling my niece feels the same about her idol	 i mean , i have always loved to cook . my entire life has been about it .	wow master chef ? ? my life has always been outdoors	 that is actually the show i tried out for . where are you from ?	i live in santa monica where the sunsets are my favorite color pink	 that sounds beautiful . i have always been a sunset fan .	yeah i moved here working a venue for britney spears concert and never left	 i wonder how she is these days .	i know right funny my niece adored her forever now its all ed sheeran	 i am so out of touch with new music . classic rock is life .	my first concert was skid row so i can understand
 hey there , i like to describe with my art . how are you ?	i am pretty good ! aw . an artist how cool . i am a waitress	 no artist just can draw well , seen alot growing up in greece . towering over all family	very amazing . how is your family ? my mom used to be a nurse	 my dad is fine since he is avoiding irma , going to come eat some family dishes .	what food do you like ?	 greek foods ! i try to keep my hair up its so curly	haha i bet its beautiful . any hobbies ?	 it is thanks , no hobbies but cooking . you ?	i sew and spend time cuddling my kitty	 whats the kittens name ? i had 1 once name diva	adorable name . her name is venus	 www , i would draw a picture of them .	that would be so adorable
 hi	hey there !	 what do you do ?	i love being around livestock . especially chickens .	 do you live on a farm ?	yes . my family owns one and i work on it .	 where ?	in kansas .	 any other hobbies ?	i love driving . i could drive a truck .	 do you own chickens ?	yes we do . we love eggs for breakfast .	 cows ?	cows and horses .
 hi how are you doing today ?	hello i am great how are you	 pretty good , i need to get more pumpkins	i love fall because of the pumpkin	 i like eating the seeds , and carving . gotta get lots of pie pumpkins to eat	in the summer i like to swim	 do you got to the pool or the beach	yes i love the beach and tacos	 i like shrimp . i like them fried and then dip them in bbq sauce	that sounds delicious and makes me hungry	 do you watch you tube videos ?	no i do not i stay busy with my cats	 droopy is my beagle companion . never leaves my side	that is so very sweet	 i really dislike most adobe software , do you have to use any	me to it is so slow
 hey how are you doing today	i am doing very good , how are you ?	 pretty good playing my guitar	oh that sounds very fun	 it is very relaxing .	i bet it is . not as relaxing as my garden though	 cool what type of stuff do you grow	mainly beets because i love them	 sweet , i like going to comic con as well	what is that . sorry sweetheart i am 71	 wow cool that is awesome .	it is but very hard to keep up	 well hang in there .	i am trying . you should come visit	 o yeah i will come play for ya	sure sure sure it is in the countryside
 hey how i would it going	pretty good . finally have a day off from the airport unless another plane breaks down .	 wow sounds like you are on call , i create cars for a living	oh , i love cars . never spend more that 100 on one though . junk to some	 cool you restore cars ?	yep , i love to work on cars , airplanes , love to keep busy .	 very nice , how much do you make a year ?	i do not know . i just cannot sit still , work everyday , my partner does the taxes .	 o okay was wondering i make 30k	oh , i am pretty sure a bit more that that as i get lots of ot .	 yeah you work on planes and i work on cars , was comparing haha	i have been doing it for years . how long have you been in the business ?	 5 years now , but been in to cars my whole life	what type of car are you currently working on ?
hey , jefferson here , how are you ?	hey there pretty good , yourself	 i am doing well , what do you think about dogs ?	they are cool , not heavy into animals	 i personally think dogs could read if we trained them .	haha possibly , i take you like animals ?	 yeah , i have a bunch of pet iguanas with sassy names .	that is good , i am working on a bitcoin project , what you do for living	 just a bunch of odd jobs , i do not have much money	i invested in bitcoin at right time worked out , well you can always make money	 that is great , i bet you could adopt a lot of animals with that money .	yes i guess i could , i focus more on humans if i donate vs animals	 have you donated anything yet ?	o yeah over 100k to hurricane victims	 wow that is very noble that was a terrible tragedy .	yes very very , i also volunteered
 hello , i am donna . what music do you like listening to ?	i am not much into music , but i love reading and telling stories .	 favorite band is the rolling stones . it started my love for playing guitar .	oh , do you play often ? what do you do for work ?	 a nurse . my mother worked as a nurse . so they inspired me to be one as well .	what a nice story ! i hope i can inspire my daughters as well !	 i am sure you already are .	i am an english teacher , but i want to be a writer one day . do you like stories ?	 i do . what type of writer do you want to be ?	well , probably a story about losing my husband a few years ago .	 oh no . i am so sorry to hear that .	thanks . its ok , i still have my daughters	 that is right .	do you have any kids ?
 good morning , assuming its still morning where you are .	just barely . i love a good book , how about you .	 i do not have much patience anymore for reading .	that is too bad . what do you like to do ? i am also into beadwork . i make my patterns .	 people watching helps pass the time at the mall , at the park , at the bar .	do you draw , or is it more the psychology of it ?	 just watching people . some of them do not know how foolish they are .	ll , true . i grew up in va on the family farm , but moved to pa . you ?	 i have spent all my life in the city . farm life must have been nice .	it was pretty cool when my fibromyalgia was not acting up .	 fibromyalgia ! i have got that , too . we can be miserable together .	how do you get through the winter ? i am worried about this one !
 hello , my name is pat what your ?	my name is minny , how are you ?	 fine , what is your favorite time of year ?	winter , cause all the fruits and veggies die	 well my is spring not too hot or cold	what is the weirdest thing that has ever happened to your family ?	 no none right now what about you	we found a baby on the side of a highway once and took it in	 that is good thing that you all do .	we have a farm , so it was an extra farm hand	 i love work on the farm too .	farm work is rather boring , and smells bad , but makes money	 yes , that too but i grow up on the farm .	i grew up in the suburbs but we moved to a farm when i was a teenager	 ok , i love fishing too , what about you ?	i kinda like to fish , but not too much since it is boring
 hi how are you doing ?	hi , i am adam and i am doing great . whats up ?	 hi nothing much over here	i sell insurance what do you do for a living ?	 i college unique vehicles u ?	i like to spend my weekend riding my bike	 what city are you from ?	i am from los angeles and you ?	 i am in the inland empire	cool , have you heard of redd it ? i post on there often	 yes i have heard of that	are you single or married ?	 i am married . . . been for 20 years	wow 20 years . that is great ! !
 i feel fat , because eating is what i love	i can hook you up . i work at burger king . do you want to get fatter ?	 no way , i want to be pretty	i am so pretty i wear purple every day .	 i am also a beautiful mother	do you have a car ? mine broke and now i have to walk .	 so do i , i love purple . it makes me feel wanted	any idea where the krav maga class is this weekend ?	 maybe it is better to walk sometimes ?	no way , can you give me a ride ?	 you talking about the martial art ?	i am not sure actually .	 i do have a car , and depends on where you are at	the ghetto , is that cool ?
 hello ! would you like some cupcakes ?	yes , please . if they are chocolate .	 oh unfortunately they are pumpkin . i just baked them .	that sounds interesting , you should bring them by my dads restaurant to try .	 i wonder how close that is to the grocery store i work at .	i think it is straight through the park .	 cool . i can come over after work on monday .	you can , i will be there , along with my sisters .	 how many of you in total ?	my parents had seven girls , could you imagine dealing with all of that drama ?	 wow ! that is impressive . i will bring two dozens of cupcakes then .	that would be wonderful , we are looking for a baker .	 so this is like a test . i will bring some chocolate cupcakes .	it could be . do you mind	 not at all . i will put them in a blue basket . i like blue .	our restaurant is done in blue and white .
 hello	hi , its raining here . i love the rain .	 where are you from ?	wisconsin , just waiting on winter . love it ! you	 i am in cali . . . . super hot over here	oh so no winter . too bad . my van gets me throught he cold times .	 what do you do for a living ?	deliver pizza in my van , and sleep in my small twin comfy bed . ll . you ?	 i am a restaurant manager	cool we are both in food service . is it a fancy restaurant ?	 no its an italian	cool ! i get free pizza and its my fav so it works .
how are you ? i am chilling with my husband of five years	i am doing well . i am also chilling but with my two dogs . they are amazing	 dogs are pretty great . i sell candy if they ever need any haha	i have a sweet tooth so i love candy . what kind of candy do you sell ?	 any kind you can think of ! i am employed at a candy store	oh that is nice . what do you do on your time off for fun ?	 i am passionate about politics , so i indulge in those topics , wbu ?	i mostly read books , but i prefer to cook and bake .	 that is cool , i also like to run long distances , about two miles everyday	oh i am a runner , too ! i take my dogs with me though but its good exercise	 sounds like fun ! i sometimes take my husband	how long have you and your husband been together ?	 five years . are you married ?	no , i am not married but i am looking but i think i love my dogs more lol	 haha i understand you on that one	but i do enjoy tall men . especially those over 6 ft
hi ! what kind of job do you have ?	trainer . my parents had one child . me . you work ?	 yes , i work in the finance industry , you ?	federal government . in my free time i ride horses . you married ?	 not married , just to my work . my ivy league education paid off !	oh okay . love is a misunderstanding between two fools . children ?	 no children , do you cook ? did you go to college ?	i love to cook and yes i attended college . you sing ?	 no singing for me . i eat out over 50 percent of the time . what college ?	state university . you thinking of going back to school ? you adopted ?	 i am not fond of people who did not go to an ivy league school . . .	oh okay . why ? i like riding horses do you ?	 i am not adopted . i think all people should get the best of everything .	good for you . you believe in love ? i do not .
hello how are you tonight	hello how are you doing	 i am doing very well . just got done with basketball , and had dinner at mcdonalds .	i need help becoming a romantic	 i am sorry , i cannot help you there .	i am emotionally a mess	 maybe music therapy will help you .	i dropped out of the school	 that is horrible , are you going to go back ?	no . i live in my car	 i am sorry , do you need a job ?	yes i do i can not get myself together	 go to your nearest mc donalds , they will hire you .	i do not know how to apply	 someone there will help you .	i may give that a try
 hello how are you today	good , just pondering my next travel destination .	 where do you want to go the most	well i have been around the united states expect west . maybe california next	 they have fires right now its sad	oh yeah maybe i could bring them water	 that would be nice . i might get my nails done while owen is in school	oh snap , you thinking about getting your hair did too ?	 no just did that a few days ago . what do you do for a living	i run a baber shop , look me up if you are ever in new york	 i sure will i am a stay at home mom my husband is a lawyer	oh that is nice . you just have the one kiddo then ?	 yep just my son owen he just started first grade	hang on they grow up so fast !	 yes i wish i could slow him down a little	i heard coffee stunts your growth , get an espresso machine .
 hello how are u tonight	hi , do you like seafood ? i love crabs with butter .	 i like lobster as long as it fresh from the boat	i am doing good , trying to stay fit by running about six miles daily	 wow i own a small consulting firm do u like sports	lobsters are delicious , i love to catch them on kayak	 i am a sports information junkie	well , i am model airplanes , dragons junkie	 many of my clients are big time gamblers	i see , you like gambling ?	 i do not gamble its my job to help my clients win lots of money	how do you do that ? that is so unique .	 well i have my sources for info	yeah , they all say that but it is ok
 good evening . how are you doing ?	i am okay how are u	 trying to think of new names to use in a romance novel .	nice is this your first time creating a romance novel ?	 no , i have written a few , but it is not my only job .	that is good what else do you do besides writing books ?	 i work in a diner and cook . just do not ask me to sing !	lol very nice what kinds of foods do you cook at the diner ?	 whatever a person wants . what do you do for work ?	i work as a infant assistant teacher at a daycare	 that sounds like a lot of responsibility ! guess you like babies !	yea its not my life longcareer it will work for now	 what do you want to do for your life long career ?	i want to work for myself work from home run my own homedaycare whafabout you ?
hello , how are you doing ?	great , i m getting ready to go camping .	 i have to be careful when camping , for bears . i cannot see more than 200 feet ahead	just make lots of noise	 its sad , but i never really learned how to write	i just play my guitar instead .	 do you have any pets ? i have cats . . six of them	got 1 dog , i am allergic to cats .	 my high school sweetheart . . who i married is too	i like the out doors , cats do not	 some do i guess , but dogs are fun	the system , cant count !
 hello , how are you ? can you tell me something about yourself ?	i am good how are you	 i am good . i just got a new job . what about you ?	i am good just looking at youtube	 what things do you like to look at ? it is hard for me to watch youtube .	i mainly work on my own chanel but i look up fix it ads	 sound like something that i would like	we should partake together than	 i am good at memorizing things . what about you ?	i am not very well at that	 what are you good at ?	mainly fixing things up and reselling them	 cool , i think that it is time to go . so maybe i will catch you again .	that would be cool thanks
hello there . how are you this evening ?	i am doing okay . just sat here creating some new recipes	 oh , do you enjoy cooking ? my wife is always trying new recipes too .	yes ! i am currently a personal chef , but would love to open a restaurant one day	 cool . what kind of a restaurant would you like it to be ?	various types of cuisine . i imagine painting the walls in a hunter green . my favorite color	 that sounds nice . maybe someday my family could eat at your restaurant .	i would love that . what do you enjoy ?	 my tastes in food are quite varied . as are my tastes in video games .	what video games do you play ?	 many different ones . my collection ranges from call of duty to farming simulator .	sounds fun . i do not really play video games , but it sounds fun	 yes , i quite like gaming . what other things do you enjoy ?	mainly just cooking ! i really need to expand my horizons	 oh , i think it is good that you have something you are passionate about .	me too ! you have anything you are passionate about other than games ?
 hello how are you tonight	i am good . what about you !	 i am great can i help you with anything i would love to	do you want to go see opera ?	 no i would rather eat pasta if you want	no thank , i do not like pasta . do you like to go vocation in france ?	 i would love that i live in a deserted area so the change would be nice	do you like music in your language ?	 yes i love it how about you	me too , what are you doing now ?	 helping people and eating pasta	what car do you drive ?	 lexus and what kind do you drive	bentley , they are amazing to me	 they really are i can not wait to buy one	what color do you like for your car ?
whats going on , have a good day ?	i was studying but now i am just chewing my nails , such a nasty habit !	 yes that is a bad habit . i have to have soda all the time . that is bad to	what do you do for a living ?	 i am a restaurant owner . my diet is horrid lol i eat junk all day	i am studying to be a teacher . special education . i love twinkies !	 oh that is awesome ! my sister is a teacher . whats your fav band ?	american psychos , they are a local punk band and i see them often .	 oh sweet ! i love pop punk . i am obsessed with the rolling stones though	you would love american psychos then . i also like classic rock .	 i will have to check them out . do you like a day to remember ? ?	i know them ! from florida , right ? punk was my outlet as a navy brat .	 yea they are from fl . i am in a band called broken city sky . check us out !	so cool , i will . american psychos are from texas and my good friends .
 hey you ! what did you get into today ?	not much hung out with my kids and listened to the rolling stones	 awesome . great band . i am just watching some basketball replays	oh yeah ? i do not watch basketball	 i am obsessed with it , to be honest . and other sports too	got any kids ? i have three	 no i do not . thankfully or i would not be able to afford all my cars	i married my girlfriend from high school , are you married	 that is so sweet ! no i am single	any vices ? i drink soda constantly , like seriously all the time	 if anything , i love cars too much . but i am really healthy	healthy is good , sodas are not but they taste so good	 they do . but i work out too hard to drink them	do you like anything other than sports ? i am a huge rolling stones fan	 i love cars . especially ferraris . rolling stones is a great band	ferraris are cool , do you own any ? and of course the stones are great !
 my mama raised me alone she is a strong woman	how awesome , did you attend a daycare ? i work in one .	 i am not even allowed to fly .	why not ? i am constantly flying out to my college up north .	 i did not i cant fly because of the high altitudes	oh , that sucks . maybe you can fly with your partner .	 i am scared straight of spiders omg do not start me on it	my boyfriend of two years , is also super scared of spiders .	 lol i feel him my mama worked 2 hard jobs	my parents did too , father is a dentist , and mother teaches .	 cool , i got a weird habit of putting on sock on the left first	wow , that is weird .	 lol i know i pray every morning to god	maybe he will make it stop ! lol
 hello , how are you tonight ?	great . i am in my apartment playing magic .	 that is great ! i listen to piano since i am learning to play	cool . you know magic the gathering ? the card game ?	 yeah , i was never a fan of it . my friends played it often .	cool . you have pets ? i have four dogs .	 i cannot have pets , i have allergies . mainly to cats .	sorry about that . you like jello ? it is my favorite food .	 i like jello , but it is not my favorite thing	ok . tell me something embarrassing about you .	 i am a very avid member of the ymca , i go there every day !	that is not embarrassing ! i am not able to whistle at all !	 oh wow , i could not do that for the longest time as a kid .	really ? we do have something in common then .
 hello , just back from a long run , much needed stress reliever . how are you ?	i am good . i just started my job as a librarian so its been a long day	 any book recommendations ? i am suddenly single , my wife left , i have time to read .	i like to ready romance and mystery novels . those will always keep you interested	 interesting . having a good steak in new york city is what i am interested in .	sounds good . i am a vegetarian now though . i gave up meat a while back	 my favorite food in my favorite city is just what i need .	that is my favorite city too . do you listen to music ?	 yes , i am actually litigating a court case regarding pirated music tomorrow .	oh wow . i have a friend that pirated nickelback songs .	 lol ! if they need a good lawyer , have them look me up !	lol that is cool . what do you do in your free time	 i like to run . i am single now too , looking for a boyfriend by chance ?	i am married hun but i appreciate the offer lol
 hello . although my mom was also a teacher , i prefer to teach yoga in a class .	i have not tried yoga but do love to go out and run	 running is fun . i am also , of course , single . i love salad .	cooking is one of my hobbies is cooking is salad the only thing you like .	 yes , i only like salad .	what type of significant other are you looking for ? i like men that pretty tall .	 i like pretty tall men also . who have jobs .	haha right jobs are important . they must also love dogs , i have 2 .	 yes ! i have one fat dog that is a miniature pincer .	that is fun ! i have two black labs .	 i love labs . labs are my favorite but they like to chew things up .	that is true mine chewed up by shoes just last week .	 i had one that literally ate the kitchen . ate the cabinets and walls lol	oh no ! ! ! that is too funny !	 yes , but he was a very sweet dog once the chewing phase was over .	what is your favorite color ?
 hello , how are you doing today ?	amazing and yourself this evening ?	 fantastic , i am enjoying some light reading of my mysteries .	oh that is cool my dads a cop so i hear about that stuff	 that is cool ! i work with cops sometimes as i am becoming a lawyer .	one time i was held hostage lol	 wow that sounds scary ! what happened ?	police eventually arrested him before anything major	 oh good . my older siblings always sheltered me from things like that .	that is sick you ever bowl ?	 i was on the bowling team when i was in college in chicago	yea i love it a lot myself bowled 2 300s	 wow , impressive ! even on the team i was not that good . i was more of a mascot .	lol mascots for bowling that is sick !
hi	hello ! how are you today ?	good ! what are your hobbies	i like to read . i am a student .	 i like comic books	oh how wonderful . comic books are a wonderful example of modern literature . so accessible .	 yeah ! i work at a grocery store do you have a job outside of school ?	i sometimes volunteer at the library , but otherwise no . unless locating new taco stands counts , haha !	 tacos are the best !	right ? ! i love the crunchy ones with chicken . and extra hot salsa . nomnem	 youre making me hungry	who would not be . we do not have taco where i come from . not like here .
i need a new topic for my next article . any ideas ?	what type of article , news , blog ?	 it should be topical . my acting class how to did not fly with the boss .	how about an article about emergency rooms ?	 that could be cool . i always dreamed of playing a nurse on tv . enough about me though . . .	i am a real life nurse in an er ,	 that is so cool . did you always want to be a nurse ?	mostly , though i briefly thought about being a literature major .	 who would have thought i would end up the writer ? what do you do for fun ?	i like to read a lot , especially since the divorce .	 i had no idea . sorry to hear that . are you doing ok ?	oh yes , we just were not right for eachother .	 wow . you are handling it well . i would just drown my woes in dairy free ice cream .	i had my share or dr peppers and rum .
 hi how is your day	great so far . getting ready to get a pumpkin spice latte at starbucks	 that sounds good . i am going to play with my cat	ll . . . my cat loves to have a sip of my leftover latte . he is so cute	 www mine loves playing with a laser	yes ! ! getting ready to check on the lovely roses in the garden	 roses are pretty i may knit something by my window	its about 60 here and i am loving it . my favorite time of year	 i like the weather here too great for shopping not to hot and not to cold	ca not wait for the leaves to change color ! !	 me either . what do you do for a living	way back in the day i wa a swimmer but now i am retired	 swimming is fun to do you must be very good at it . i am a secretary .	nice . do you know anyone in the path of irma ?
 good morning how are you today	i am doing well , how about you ?	 i am great i love scotch	whew ! i cannot handle liquor like you . i mostly drink beer and wine .	 i am in college so i need my scotch	for sure . what do you study ?	 i study jazz and blues music	wow , that is really cool !	 i wanna be a lawyer but i work at a bar	ah , i work the graveyard shift at a hotel . but i am saving up for college .	 i am saving money too college is expensive	i am trying to save up so i do not have to take out loans .	 i live in a little house to save	that is very wise . do you live somewhere where it snows ?
 hello good afternoon how are you	i am okay i just got back from work	 i eat very low carb diet	oh no i do not care much about that	 i enjoying watching movies	i do too what do you do for living	 i am employed at a circus	what do yo do there	 i juggle all the balls	wow i am airplane mechanic	 i followed in my grandparents footsteps	wow were they working at circus	 yes my brother does also	so it is a family thing
 hi . i fixed an old car that somebody gave me .	what kind ? i would like to teach mechanics by next year .	 an old ford . you know car mechanics very well ?	yeah ! i have always wanted to teach and it is what i am best at .	 good for you ! that is a good job to have .	i put on the early century station and tinker with cars . i get mad easily though .	 it does take patience to work on automobiles and a lot of learning .	true . other than working on cars , i love my old garage dog , tiny .	 do you like music ? i like all kinds .	i like early century music . i listen to a lot , but hate most foods .	 my hobby is also listening to older music on vinyl records	we might like a lot of the same music . can i bring dog over an listen ?	 maybe someday we can do that . i am always busy doing something .	you need to slow down . my temper is out of control when i do not .
 hi ! i am about the start the police academy this coming summer !	great ! just got done walking my four dogs love spending time with them	 that sounds fun . i have a prized bowie knife that i take in the woods .	do you like tatoos ? i have an entire sleeve of them	 no tats here . i do love watching mma fights though !	yeah ! planning on going out and have a drink with my friends at our fave bar	 that sounds like fun . i need to eat diner i am super hungry !	me too . my dogs like to eat my dinner i do not mind i love them so	 haha that is so funny ! i have no pets sadly .	i love to take pictures of them	 i am really into photography as well .	so is my husband that is how we met	 oh really ? what sort of equipment does he use ?	he has a canon camera and tripod
 just fyi i am a gangsta with driving fast black cars listening to rap like 2pac my fav .	ok , well i like the avert brothers	 do they sin california love ? if not they suck . its my favorite song . .	no . would you talk about the gangsta life ? for my psychology thesis .	 cool ask me anything jees i am tip top gangsta homie ! i got my glock ready to fire	you sound like one of my shows i watch on broadway	 you have no idea who your talking to homie , do not call me no broadway trash	sorry , so are you a gang banger then ?	 duh dunce , you like messing with dangerous people like me huh ? we you beter step back	i study people like you . in and out of prison	 prison ! i loved all the homies when i was in there . top dog they called me	i travel all over to interview people . leavenworth , walpole , corcoran	 thought you would ask about the name topdog . see i have to be on top . always	i just figured it was an ego thing . you think highly of yourself	 like physically top i mean loving the homies is hard work . . .	lots of people are gay for the stay	 nice one dude you are the new top dog for me homie	that is quite a compliment . thanks
 hi how are you doing	hi i am fine , how are you	 i do not like flip flops i want shoes	me and my girlfriend live in an apartment	 i just love to lol do you	yes me too . where are you from ?	 tanzania right now where are you	near chicago illinois . my daughter is 7 years old	 that is cool do you like it	yeah it is a nice place to raise a family .	 it sounds like it is to me	i take my daughter to the park every day	 that sounds good and fun	how old are you , i am 25 years old	 i am 33 and love brownies	my boyfriend is not working right now he is unemployed
 hey whats up with you	hey i am good how ar you	 i am great , just got back from the game .	what game do you play spurs	 football mostly , do you play any sports ?	i do ski if you think that counts	 it absolutely does , i wish i knew how to ski .	i race competitively its pretty fun	 that is awesome , i have only ever participated in cyclist racing .	that is pretty cool skiing is fun but dangerous	 it can be , but nothin is better then going to the mountains .	i love being in the mountains
 hi , how are you this evening ?	i am doing good , eating , it is my favorite	 what are you eating ? i really like fast food	i am eating some lettuce	 i had a very restrictive diet when i was training for the olympics	i want to look good .	 i just want to live . i need a lot of medications	do you feel pretty ? i want to	 only when i am skydiving which is often	do you ever feel fat ?	 no , i am fairly athletic	oh , that is how i feel a lot	 do you like any music ?	no not really sorry	 do you have any hobbies ?	not really , eating if that counts
 hi there , i am a comic writer you ?	that sounds fun . i sit at my computer for hours . boring lifestyle compared to a comic	 well kinda love my drawings , but i have to publish on the internet .	where do you get your inspiration ?	 from everyday heroes such as public services .	i watch foreign tv and movies and enjoy the cultures . wondered if you had traveled .	 mostly in state things , i do not really get chances to go places .	me either . i would love to though and speak another language . my life is boring .	 my life has been a struggle with trying to get published hence the internet	i am sorry ! what else do you enjoy ?	 i love drawing and working in the community	cool ! i need to get out in the community more instead of being at my computer .	 why do you spend so much time on the computer ?	for work i guess . boring lifestyle	 yeah you may need to get out a little , find a tv show lol	oh ! well , i do watch a lot of a foreign tv shows
 hello do you like alpacas ? i have 10	all i know about alpacas i learned from an encyclopedia	 there is a lot to learn . do you work ?	when i am not working at the gas station , i sell encyclopedias . you ?	 i care for my alpacas at my home and work on the city council	that sounds exciting . do you have any goals ?	 i am achieving my goal of only eating local farm to table food . you ?	all i want is to become the most successful travelling encyclopedia salesman .	 good luck . with the internet and smartphones there must not be much of a market for them	thank you . have you ever seen a celebrity up close ?	 no i stay away from hollywood and new york . prefer open spacious areas	one time i saw peyton manning at my local grocery store .	 oh wow . where do you live ?	it varies , as i travel a lot to sell encyclopedias . you ?
 hi hows it going hope youre doing well	pretty good . getting ready to head out to my second job . you ?	 i work with animals . i am a vet	oh that sounds like a rewarding career ! how are you liking this weather ?	 not very much but its great	i love it ! i am so over the heat	 gotta look after my 3 dogs and 2 cats	that should be an easy task for a vet	 i would think so . happenstance i am vegan too	i try to eat healthy too . only non gmo foods for me	 that is good . lets live long tgt	that is right buddy ! live long and prosper	 thank you mate . may the force be with you	and may the force be with you and your many pets
hi how are you today	i am really tired today . i work in a popular coffee shop . always super crowded !	 coffee is very popular and good . do yall sell gummy worms i love those	no . . . ll . . . . . plenty of caramel cappuccinos though . they are my favorite .	 aw man that is not cool . do you like music and books	i like reading . my favorite genre are crime novels . how bout you ?	 i love sci fi books those are great	oh ! i love those too . ever read 1984 ?	 i heard it was good . is it one of your favorites	yes . it makes me really think about good vs . evil	 i have to check that out . have you ever listened to rock opera music	not really . do you have any suggestions ?	 i love two steps from hell	never heard of it . i will have to find that on you tube . i like alternative music
 hi , how are you today ?	i am great ! name is albert . how are you ?	 i am doing well . reading my favorite book .	what is your favorite book ? i had to do a lot of reading in law school .	 the tale of genji . nothing to do with law .	i figured . most do not read law books casually .	 they are tedious and confusing , haha .	i mustered through it ! i am a judge in circuit courts now . what you do ?	 i am a pet sitter . mostly dogs .	i love dogs . i have one . far too busy for more .	 luckily i do not own them , hehe .	you can sit for mine when i am working ! ha .	 hey , as long as you pay me !	oh , i will ! i am all about being fair to everyone .	 what kind of dog is he ?	he is a standard poodle .
 i come from a long line of tall people but i am shortest in my family .	that is really weird , i love pistachio ice cream	 i am six feet tall but that is considered short compared to all of them .	that is crazy , i play with edged weapons	 ice cream is good and its a little cooler up here for us tall people .	i travel a lot and i make friends along the way .	 i do not have weapons . i would rather dance with my friends . not stab them .	lol i think britney spears is the best singer in the world	 i like going to school . that is where i meet all of my friends .	i am studying to be a surgeon , that is why i watch surgery videos	 but nobody ever heard britney sing . pop singers are not what they appear .	well i think she has a wonderful voice	 i like going to school but i do not have steady hands so no surgery for me .	where are you from ? i am from chicago
 hi , how are you doing today ?	i am pretty good , just listening to my favorite singer . how about you ?	 i am good . who is your favorite singer ?	lady gaga ! org i could listen to her and madonna all day long	 do you travel much ? i love to visit india .	well , i go to several concerts across the country every year	 do you explore the different cities you visit ?	of course , and i love visiting local spots to hear local bands play	 do you play any instruments ? i am more of an athlete than musician .	i play piano but on my retail salary , i cannot afford too many instruments	 my niece plays piano , and guitar . she also does vocals very well .	maybe she will be famous one day
 hi am jane and i enjoy sweets very much and it is an addiction of mine	hello i am ray from florida	 hey ray , my grades in math is a c and science is a d .	i am in search of a second place of employment could you help me ?	 i am to young to help you . i enjoy listening to bruno mars	has always been a dream of mine to own a restaurant , i like pink floyd	 i have this thing where i just want to sleep	when i am not cooking my hobby is running	 running is a good thing to do . i normally walk .	walking is great also , i really enjoy being the head grill man	 are you in the navy	no , i use to be in the army	 oh ok , there is a difference	yes there is a big difference , between the two	 what else do you do ?	i like to fish , hunt and social drink , what about you
 hi lets get to know each other .	what is up ? feel like going out tonight	 i wish i could but i am a computer technician and have to work tomorrow .	well , those people computer is just going to have to wait	 i actually do not like my job . do you have any pets ?	yes , i have two ball python snakes	 wow i love snakes too ! i hate spiders . they scare me .	wow , we are just alike	 i love dogs too . my best friend is my dog ,	i swear we are just alike , i love dogs as well and i hate spiders	 the only thing i like about spiders is their color . black . i wear it everyday .	i like black , but it should not be a color because its a pigment to me	 i understand . i also like blue and yellow .	is your name ariel , you sound like her	 no my name is carolyn .	wow , i apologize , you just really sound similar to my friend
 hi how are you today	hey there , i am doing well , you ?	 i am good do you read	i used to a lot , just do not have the time for it now	 what did you read then	well my favorites were the harry potter series	 which book is your favorite	the order of the phoenix , do you have a favorite ?	 mine is the half blood prince yeah	do you have a favorite sport ? mine is hockey	 i do not like sports really	what do you do in your spare time ?	 podcasts mostly i love them	you make them ? or just listen	 i listen to lots of them	that is pretty cool , thanks for chatting
 how are you doing today ?	hi there , i am bob .	 i love cars . my name is penny	i am a dancer , what do you do ?	 i sell paintings . i love to draw	nice i would love to do that	 i love my truck it helps me out a lot with my business	my pc is soo slow	 i know my computer has been doing that . why is that ?	must be all of the midget porn	 rolling laughing my out loud	glad i could make you laugh	 how many of these have you done you seem familiar	too many , i should take a break i think	 it seems easy but the money does not add up	are you in nyc today ?
hi ! how are you today ?	i am tired ! how are you today ?	 me too ! i work very hard and too much	where do you work at ? i work at mcdonalds . it is always busy .	 i work in an office ! i need a vacation !	i feel the same . i feel i could sleep for days . what do you enjoy ?	 i enjoy anything other than working ! i am perfectionist so it takes me forever	i understand . sometimes when i am writing i never get it right .	 do you travel at all ?	i do not get much a chance too . i work and sleep mostly . you ?	 i do not . i work way too often .	seems we both need some time to enjoy . do you have hobbies ?	 i do . i like to listen to music and knit ! you ?	just writing mainly . i like to jot things down when i have free time .	 what is your favorite food ?	anything that is not mcdonalds . haha
 hi . how is it going ?	hello ! it is going well . how are you ?	 i am good . just got back from my yearly trip to disney .	i have never been to disney , but i have looked up pictures on the internet !	 it is fun . you have to go !	i will ! i am busy with my new job , but one day	 what do you do ? i am a secretary .	i make cakes ! what kind of secretary are you ?	 i work for an insurance agency .	that is cool ! do you ever listen to music ?	 i do , mainly indie . you ?	i enjoy indie music , but my favorite is country music	 i like to listen to country music on occasion .	it is my absolute favorite to listen too while i cook	 oh . i enjoy reading crime novels .	have you ever read the dresden files ? they are my favorite crime novels
 hi hiw are you today ?	i am great . i just finished a comedy set at local club . how are you ?	 tell mea joke funny person	i am lucky to be alive , my father is a communist and sister belongs to cult .	 whats so bad about communism though ?	well the communist party is not well liked even in russia .	 are you in russia then ?	folks want to be free .	 just like my boy frank sinatra	i was when i was little before my mom fled with my sister and i to america .	 i am an older lady . you know ?	party planning is my paying gig . i can plan you a party for your birthday .	 i would like that . do an old lady theme	got it , cat glasses , frumpy dresses , and whatever is your drink of choice .
 hey how are you doing today ?	i am good . how about you ?	 doing well . i am looking for a new home .	that sounds like fun ! i am just working on school and work .	 yea i am looking for a beach home . www no partying ?	on occasion . when there is whiskey involved lol	 i love whiskey . i host amazing parties .	you will have to invite me to one . no pool parties , i lose my contacts underwater !	 i will . we can do some honey whiskey shots . i love those	honey whiskey is good . my fave is devils cut though	 what about makers mark 46 ? got a favorite animal ?	there is no such thing as a bad whiskey ! i like wolves
 hi ! how are you ? i am doing fine today .	i am ok i guess . life is rough since my dig died . how are you ?	 i am sorry to hear about your dog .	i am just trying to find the beauty in the rest of the world , looking into my yard .	 when my dog died i looked for comfort by reading the bible .	that is a popular one . i find inspiration on earth , then make art to reflect it .	 what kind of art ? i love traveling to different museums .	sculpture . i like to use my hands .	 now that my wife and i have retired we have more time to travel .	that sounds like a lot of fun . have you been anywhere that stands out ?	 we went to the vatican which was very inspirational .	ooh , there must be a bunch of ancient and beautiful sculpture and other art everywhere !	 yes . we also went to milan , florence , genoa , and bologna .	all around italy . i would love to visit italy . i want to see the sistence chapel .
 hey , hows it going ? whats up ?	i am great . nothing tending my garden . i love fresh vegetables !	 me too ! i am vegan , and i love animals . veggies are a must .	that is why i am 70 and still kicking . fresh air , veggies , routines are keys to life	 wow , great job ! ! my son is 18 , but he wo not go vegan . i wish he would !	ah well as long as its in moderation . he might change one day !	 i hope so . its hard getting him to go w me to animal rights rallies .	your a good person . i prefer my quiet life at my house in the country side	 that life is just as good . you are relaxing after a long life .	exactly and i hope to keep it like that	 i wish you the best . i have to go time 2 walk dogs the shelter .	ah very cool keep doing the good work ! bye	 thanks , i hope you keep taking it easy ! ! bye !	o am i but i do enjoy being active d
 hi ! how are you today ?	hi i am doing great how are you	 i am good ! what is your favorite food ? mine is pasta .	i eat very healthy and in large amounts at a time so anything with protein	 oh . . . i like ice cream and cookies . i am fat .	i am a fitness buff i love working out did it everyday	 i am so busy with school that i do not have time to work out .	i understand that i have many friends in school they are always studying	 i paint in my free time what do you do ?	i swim and go to social events	 ah , cool ! i like to swim also .	i live near an indoor pool so i can swim year round	 lucky ! i am so jealous .	maybe you can find one near you they are more common now	 yes but i am lazy and do not want to drive to one .	oh ok . what are you studying in school
 how are you doing today	i am mary , nice to meet you !	 nice to meet you too .	what are you up to ?	 i am reading a comic book	i wish i had time to do that , it is all work for me , even on weekends .	 where do you work at	i work in a doctors office , i am a receptionist .	 what is that kind of job like ?	i am studying to become a radiologist at my local college .	 what brought you into that ?	my boss let me know of the pay and i had to get in on it .	 yeah , i heard that was a lot of money	it is mostly paperwork management and also incoming calls .	 that does not sound bad	anything else exciting about you ?
hi . i am heading to see my son play football tonight . what are your plans ?	probably head home to the condo . no plans tonight	 do you have family that lives nearby ?	i do not . i live alone here . family is overseas . you ?	 just my son . what do you do in your spare time ?	on weekends i bike ride but mostly i spend my time on reddit . you ?	 i love playing and designing video games .	sounds fun . what have you designed lately ?	 just some games . my team and i have designed over 65 video games .	i see . any particular genre ?	 fantasy mostly . i am trying to create my own start up company .	i tried that once . did not go so well because i based it off my favorite color .	 what is your favorite color ?	it is blue . what is your start company about ?
 hey , you no i am so disappointed with everyday life .	why are you disappointed with life ? do you have things you like to do ?	 my family hates me because i quit college . i would like to be a dog or bear .	did you not like your classes ? i am taking beauty classes which i really enjoy .	 i want to be an artist . i love to paint to classical music .	can you go to art school ? i create makeup tutorials and post them to youtube .	 that sounds cool . i want to get into a nasa program and maybe live in space .	i thought nasa was really cutting back , so good luck to you .	 i have to try . are you going to be a beautician ?	yes i would like to do something along that line . we will see when i graduate .	 i hope you graduate and get to do what you wish .	thanks . i hope you are feeling better about life !
hi there ! i am tom ! whats your name ?	hi , i am steven . i am from algeria !	 never been there before ! i am from a small town in east asia .	very nice . what languages do you speak ?	 i speak chinese and english . yourself ?	mine are english , french and arabic !	 are there any languages you want to learn ?	no , i am cool with what i have . you ?	 italian ! but that is because i like the food .	yes good food ! i am also a barista !	 oh nice ! so you like drinking coffee then ?	i am a coffee fanatic , yes !	 whats your favorite drink to make ?	probably the one shot espresso cause its so easy !
hello ! whats your favorite kind of food ?	cookies ! my mom is the best baker in the family .	 i love food ! sushi is my favorite .	i love to watch old movies !	 i like movies , but the big corporation i work for does not allow for much free time	yeah i am divorced and i have two kids so very busy as well !	 whats your favorite kind of music ? i like rock	i like to listen to rock while i study for medical school .	 medical school and two kids . do you work too ?	not right now , i am a student . how about you ?	 i just work . no kids or school for me	i see ! must make a lot of money for yourself !	 yeah . i was able to get an ariel atom . super fast sports car .	i need a car that can fit both my kids unfortunately .
 hi do you like travel	i used to when i was a kid as an army brat . you ?	 nice ! i work hard in a farm but i wish travel around the world .	i do nursing . it is also hard work	 good job . my sister is a nurse like you .	that is really great . do you do anything for fun ?	 i take photo i wanna go far and taking wonderful pictures .	that is amazing . i am a good baker . that is my main hobby	 mm i am good eater . good hobby . i have a funny dogs .	dogs are great . i like taking mine to the beach while i surf	 cool . i am hiking with my little dogs sometimes .	that is so adorable . anything else you want to tell me about yourself ?	 i listen rock and go concert . do you like listen music ?	yes i do . i love all kinds of music
 hello , how was your work today ?	hello ! it was ok . i work at hallmark proofreading cards .	 mine was also fine and i had new customers recruited to the business	that is always good ! growth is important !	 yes and i want the number to increase every day	good business model ! what do you do for fun ?	 i listen to music especially country and slow jams	i like music and movies . ever seen goodfellas ?	 no but am going to look for it and watch it	it is my favorite . i like to watch sports too	 what is your favorite sport in life	football and hockey . they are the best ! what about you ?	 i enjoy american checkers and chase .	those are fun to play with friends . do you like to read ?
 hello how are you doing ?	great , playing a bit of guitar ! you ?	 i love watching all the football games at alabama	do you ever grill out for them ?	 no i have been diagnosed with social anxiety so i stay alone alot	that is rough ! i would cook you some on my george foreman grill	 ha sounds great ! my girlfriend cooks for me sometime we have been together 7 years	that is cute ! i enjoy go cart racing with my partner , or anyone	 fun ! you know i have never drank any alcohol ever	that is good , its bad for you , probably as bad as fast food	 that is true . i do like fast food sometimes	i hate it ! i do enjoy grilling though	 grilling is so tasty ! i majored in geology at alabama univ	that rocks almost as much as me on my guitar	 i bet ! love good guitar music	yeah , i think most people do
 hi there hows it going	hi , its not going too good because i am not too happy with my reputation	 aw dang . what did you do ? or what did you not dom	i made a mistake with a gang member , i wish i could take it back	 oh goodness sounds terrible . surfing is my life . no thug life here	thug life is bad , i hate feeling like i am being controlled all of the time .	 you need to live near an ocean like me . its so relaxing . takes the stress away	yes i might have to get away there , it might give me a break	 yea we can watch sunsets . inhale brown curly hair you will see me chillin	you wo not see me chilling , il be on edge worrying about everything	 what else do yiu have to worry about ? haunt matatua man fordeal	i worry about everything , i think its my inner critic . its harsh !	 wow . lets have dinner together so we can talk about it . but no red meat	sure , but i am sad we cannot get a five guys lol
 hey what are some things you like to do ?	hey , i love working out , especially squats and benches . you ?	 being outside and staring at the sky while the clouds go by is my favorite .	sounds relaxing . i spend a lot of time at the gym .	 i work selling snakeskin oil , getting a lot of free time is tough	that does not seem good for anyone . ;	 what music do you enjoy listening to ?	anything that makes me feel pumped up and excited !	 i absolutely love jacob sartorius and would love to see him live !	do you go to many concerts ?	 i like going to weekend festivals .	i do , too . when i can . i am training for the olympics right now .	 that is so cool ! are you sponsored by anyone ?	not yet , but hopefully soon . do you watch the olympics ?
so tell me about yourself .	my skin is brown colored what is yours	 same with brown eyes . that is the only difference	cool my eyes are dark greenish .	 nice . i have a dog named toto and my fav food is meatloaf .	my pocket book has a photo of a skunk	 i am not sure what that is . never heard of that .	that is okay i like to eat pizza will order it tonight .	 sounds heavy . what kind of toppings ?	heavy it is just cheese no toppings that is why i am fat .	 its ok , fat people need love too .	i know i am watching the news what are you watching ?	 i am playing xbox right now . whats going on in the world ?	it is awful i wish they would get rid of trump .	 i am not sure why everyone hates him .	he is taking every thing away from the poor and giving the rich .
 hi what do you do	i am hanging out with my best friend he is form out of town	 good stuff . you see your friend often ?	not really , tomorrow we are going to the hockey game	 do you like sports . i prefer traveling to anything	yeah , i like traveling too . i mostly go to mexico every year	 i typically will go to either ireland or australia	i always wanted to go to ireland	 yeah its great . that is where my mother is from	that is nice , i am the youngest in my family	 i do not have any siblings . do you like them	yeah but we fight from time to time	 i guess that is normal . do you have any hobbies ?	yes i love playing video games . how about you ?
 hello are you a boy or a girl ? i am the latter .	i am a boy with a girlfriend named luis . we are in college together	 that is exciting . do you guys like sushi ? i absolutely adore it .	i do like sushi , but my parents hate it and i still live with them !	 that is funny . what is your favorite color ? mine is blue .	mine is blue too , the color of my drums in a band and my ford mustang	 wow , how awesome ! are you a fan of dogs ?	yes i am , do you have some ?	 absolutely , dogs are amazing . i am a big fan of them .	you would think i would have my own at age 25	 you are still very young , there is still time to get a dog !	i guess you are right . what else do you enjoy	 well , i enjoy taking my dogs for long walks . what do you enjoy ?	mainly just playing in my band and hanging with luis	 that sounds really fun . is luis in your band too ?	no , she is too busy with school work . i should be as well really
 enjoying a salad for lunch today . my favorite ! how are you ?	i am doing good . they should sell salads more at mcdonalds where i work !	 yeah they should ! you get outside when not at work ?	i try to when i am not playing video games . i like playing football	 what games ? i like getting out in nature . so calming .	mainly games based on star wars , my favorite movie	 my students told me they are coming out with a new one .	i heard that too . my pet iguana is so excited	 you should take it to the theater ! i will be going alone .	you should come with us ! we can play video games or football afterwards	 that would be a nice change from my single lifestyle ! thanks .	what else do you enjoy ?	 i love my students , creating different salad combinations , and hiking .	maybe you should put in some suggestions to mcdonalds	 i would love to help you out with that one . you work fulltime ?	no , i need time for video games and fluffy , my iguana
hello !	hi there !	 what do you like to do ?	i love cycling . my friends and i are a part of a cycling group .	 i wish i could cycle , but too much smoking . i need to quit .	excellent idea ! that and along with a healthy diet and lifestyle will surely pay off .	 my 10 piercings probably make people think i am unhealthy , but i love italian food !	really ? that is awesome . i am a waiter in an italian restaurant .	 do you have to driver very far to get to work ?	not really . it is quite nearby .	 that is good . its been nice chatting with you !	nice chatting with you too !
 what are you up to today ?	i am watching sports . what about you ?	 petting my beautiful cat . her name is cow because of her spots	wow ! i have a cat named cow cat because she has black and white spots too !	 wow ! that is so cool . what do you do for fun ?	i love walking the beach . and sailing . while at times reading and i love tennis .	 wow you do a ton ! i do gymnastics	must be fun ! are you pro ? or an amateur ?	 i am a pro . my boyfriend loves watching me	i bet ! what country are you a pro ? do you compete on television ?	 i am in america . i compete in the olympics	awesome ! any medals ? team or individuals ones ?	 nothing yet . i just got into it . do you drink coffee ?	nope but i do eat fish .	 you should try french vanilla coffee anyway	i have ! only sometimes while reading a book .
hey ! my name is jared . i am totally in a band . what do you do ?	hi , my name is terri . . . i work from home and i love to use coupons	 coupons are dope ! get all the ramen . what do you do for fun ?	i like to donate to charities and i enjoy saving money	 you sound like my girlfriend , luis . she is smart , too . we are gonna graduate together .	that is really nice congrats , wish you guys the best	 thanks , terri . you are alright , you know that ? what is new ?	well i like to keep my things neat . . . . a bit of a neat freak , lol .	 man , my parents would love you . they are always like , clean up . i am like , no .	lol , that is funny . . . you are cool as well , it is nice talking to you	 likewise . chatting can be a bummer . you have a cat ? i do .	i used to , i love cats . . . i have had 3 all together	 aw man . downer . rip cats of terri . i bet they were awesome dudes .	they were so sweet and funny , i miss having a cat
 hi , how has your weekend been ?	pretty relaxing . my five kids were out of the house this weekend . you ?	 it was great , my husband and i re decorated our bathroom .	fun ! i was able to catch up on homework . i am back in school , ugh .	 oh work work work ! ll i did quite a bit of house work this weekend too .	thankfully my kids are good at helping , or i would never get a chance to fish .	 that is great ! we have been married with out children for eight years .	sounds relaxing ! he he he . do you like fishing or any other hobbies ?	 yes , i like crafting and painting .	i like painting too . do you work ? i am an intern for a computer company .	 i do not , i am a stay at home wife .	nice . have you thought about school ?
hi my name is renee tell me a little about yourself	i love music and ed sheeran is the best .	 i am not familiar with him . i am into ballet . i am a dancer	wow that is interesting . i watch what i eat to stay lean .	 i have to do that too since i dance . i watch comedies in my spare time	comedies are great especially the romantic ones .	 ballet can be romantic too .	poetry is good also i write some when i have time .	 a lot of my time lately has been rehearsing for a show	when busy try to choose health conscious foods .	 i try to keep busy with dancing since it takes my mind off things	yes that is a good way to stay busy .	 especially this month its the anniversary of my parents death	that would be a sad time .	 yeah it was a fatal car crash . they used to encourage my dancing	i am so sorry for your loss .
 hey ! whats up	i like mucic a lot	 me too i am really into avenge seven fold right whos your favorite band ?	i am totally into rock like guns and roses	 nice ! ever see them live i work 3 jobs no time	i seen them live many times cuz i like to rock out	 cool whats your favorite show ? mines south park	i like things that are black	 oh cool	like clothes , and cars , and accessories	 ah like goth ?	no goth does not like to rock out as much as i do	 so are you single ?	i am married to my music
 hello there . what are you doing on this lovely evening ?	i have just been enjoying the outdoors before it gets too cold , you ?	 same here ! i just took my car for a little spin . very relaxing .	what car do you have ? we just have trucks on the ranch i live at	 i have a jeep . i like to cruise through the woodlands .	that is cool , so what do you like to do . how old are you ?	 i am 37 . i am a teacher , though medicine was my first calling .	i am only 21 . not sure what i am going to do after my cheerleading days	 do not worry , just go to the mall like me !	do you like shopping too ?	 i do , so much . when i was at harvard i would shop every weekend .	that is pretty cool you went to harvard !	 yes ! i was very blessed . did you have an education ?	yes . i cheer is college actually	 hat school do you attend ?	i have attended a few haha
 hey how are you today ?	i am good . enjoying my new place in pa just moved from va	 nice . you like it ? i am tanning my olive skin .	its nice . the winters will be rough , i hve gibromyalgia .	 i love skunks . my purse even has a pic of it on there . do you have skunks ?	we did have some on a farm i grew up on it was large .	 fun ! my cat eye glasses compliment my green eyes .	nice , love green eyes . i like beadwork i even do my own patterns .	 that is cool . maybe you an make me eyeglass bead chain .	i totally would . i also love to read . what else do you like ?	 i like reading too . especially about skunks haha	lol that must be interesting to read about
 hey how is it going ?	hi just whiling away time with my grand children .	 that is great how many do you have ?	i have 6 grand children from 4 of my children	 wow that is alot grandchildren .	enjoying every bit of them from 7 to 30 years . what about you ?	 i do not have any kids , its just me and siblings .	enjoy them while it last . soon you will become senior citizen like me	 iam well on my way trust me .	what do you love doing ? i love reading	 reading is great . i love practicing piano .	great too . read a lot when my husband was a soldier to pass time	 i know it helps for sure .	yes . hope we can catch up soon again .
 hi , how are you today ?	hi , how are you ? i am good . thanks .	 good . have you seen the movie , it ?	no , not yet . have you ? looks wicked .	 yes i seen in on a streaming app .	what do you trade your time for to live ? is it good ?	 like what do i do to eat everyday ? it is ok , the original is better .	yeah . trade your time for to get the bills paid .	 i try to minimize my bills . i usually deliver food or something .	you deliver food for a living . i am a lifeguard .	 yeah , i treat peoples hunger in a manageable time frame .	think that is a great job . lots of time to just be .	 kinda . have you saved any people from the water ?	i have . about a dozen now . been doing this a while .	 that is good , i am sure you get a lot of respect among others .	not really . but that is cool . get to help people enjoy the ocean .
me and kj my goofy kitty say hello ! how are you ?	hey you and goofy kitty ! i am great thanks , yourself ?	 good ! just finished unpacking . we just moved to a new state for work .	exciting ! are you looking forward to your new job ?	 its my husbands job . he is in sales . i am actually a retired nurse .	i see , cool ! so what do you do in your spare time now that you are retired ?	 well we have lived in a lot of states so i look to explore local sites . you ?	you are a bit of a traveller then ! i follow politics closely .	 really ? that is interesting . i joke that kj likes politics . political kitty !	i bet kj could do a much better job than most politicians !	 haha , probably . he is a sweet lil guy who loves tuna and is not mean .	awesome ! i think we would get along nicely , i love tuna !
 hi how are you doing	i am great how are you ?	 i am good dropped my kids off at school	that is great , how many do you have ?	 3 little ones do you have kids	i have five but they are all married now	 that is nice do you see them often	every weekend they come by to visit	 that is so great i hope my kids do that when they are older	i am sure they will if they live close enough .	 yeah that is true do you like the outdoors	absolutely i love to go camping during the week	 i take the kids on family camping trips	those are the best , mine always loved our trips .	 yeah its a great family bonding time	do you have a lot of kids ?
 hi , i am megan , what is your name ?	my name is kourtney . do you have any hobbies ?	 yes i have alot of hobbies ! i like to explore and do crafts	very cool . i sometimes listen to gary numan but mostly to be ironic .	 what genere of music is that ? i love music !	its like 80s electronic music . i love music too !	 oh , i maily listen to r b , especially when i am going on my long walks	cool ! what is your favorite thing to eat ?	 pizza ! i like it extra cheesy	awesome ! i like mangos especially for breakfast .	 mangos are very good ! especially when its nice and juicy !	yep ! what else do you like to do ?	 i like to sit by my lake and make scarfs	cool ! i like water to . snorkeling is my favorite .	 that sounds fun ! yes it makes me happy and puts a smile on my face	what else do you like to do ?
 hello ! how are you this evening ?	i am doing great thanks , and yourself ?	 great , it was a beautiful day here today .	it was here too ! whats your job ?	 i teach japanese and also drawing classes .	very cool , i make youtube videos	 cool ! what kind of videos do you make ?	i do makeup and stuff for people to feel pretty	 that is awesome . do you enjoy it ?	yeah except for the weird makeup challenges . yuck !	 i have a dog , her name is wonton . do you have any pets ?	i do not but i have my pink car its my baby	 a pink car ! is it a mary kay car ? ?	i wish , just a corvette . if it was red i would be prince	 are you a fan of prince ? purple rain . . . purple rain . . .	he is good . my dad listens to him when he flys his plane .
 hi , how are you ? what are your hobbies ?	hey there how are you this evening ? i am a older senior .	 i am fine , just a little anxious . i am nervous to go to a friends party	my hobbie is reading an listening to my husband talk of his solider stories lol	 wow , that sounds nice . i like to run marathons .	why are you anxious ? how old are you ?	 i am afraid i will say the wrong things in front of people i do not know . i am 30 .	whats the longest marathon you have ran ?	 15 miles , i am working my way up to the full 26 .	oh you will do fine i have a grandson your age , what kind of party ?	 we are celebrating a recent promotion they got . i do not know any of their coworker	cool , when is the party going to be ?
 hey there , how are you ?	mexico from back got just	 cool . what were you doing in mexico ?	mexico i like it there warm water	 do you like to swim ?	love to swim and ski	 what do you do for work ?	i work for the cheetos company y deli ery	 nice , sounds like a delicious job	all the cheetos i can eat	 i do stand up comedy at local theaters	i go to mexico 4 times a year	 where in mexico do you go ?	do u ever do it in mexico ?	 i have never been to mexico	all over you name it . been there or threw it
hello how are you today ?	pretty good . just sewing a new shirt together . and you ?	 i am just driving my black car right now , listening to some rap music	i hope you are at a stop sign . o . o i really like music with bass beats .	 no i text while driving , i am also eating steak right now winning	if its a truck , i would almost be willing to bet you are a texan .	 how did you know lol	its the steak . do you have a favorite crystal ? and i do not mean the drink .	 my favorite stone is ruby	i prefer amethyst and emeralds . but sadly , my birthstone is sapphire . july birthday ?	 yes i was born in july , i just turned 45	and still in the rap game ? dwaaam , son . ll . i am about to turn 26 .
 hi ! how are you this fine evening ?	i kind of want to get drunk .	 i have my three kids so i cannot do that . do you have kids ?	no , i am in college . i just have not ever had alcohol and was curious .	 ever ? i am not a big drinker so i stick to soda mainly .	ever . i drink water . with my girlfriend .	 cute . i married my last boyfriend my high school sweetheart	i have been with her for 7 years .	 are you thinking of marriage ?	maybe after school . i do not really know	 ahhh . what kind of music do you like ?	country music , what about you ?	 there are some good country singers . i really like the rolling stones	that is not country though . .
hey there ! how are you today ?	i am good . just enjoying hanging out with friends and family , you ?	 i am okay , i am spending the day with my wife and son .	that is fun . what do you do for work ?	 i am a lawyer , what about you ?	what kind of law ? i am currently looking to start my own business actually	 i practice maritime law . did you go to college ?	i did . i enjoy getting involved in politics . maybe i should have done law	 it is never too late ! where did you go to college ?	i went in england . just got back and bought a brand new chevrolet .	 that is cool , do you enjoy driving your car ?	yes ! i especially missed it over there .	 will you drive me and my family to get pizza ? it is my favourite food !	of course ! hanging out with new friends and driving my chevrolet . all good with me	 awesome ! standford is my alma mater so i will put in a good word for you there .	that is cool ! thank you . what else do you enjoy ?
 hi how are you tonight	hello , i am doing well . another day , another dollar , driving for the man .	 i know what you mean i am just so simple	true , you seem to be very simple . what kind of work do you do ?	 i am a fisherman mainly	a noble pursuit . what kind of bait do you use ?	 wax worms , night crawlers , minos what ever	if i were a fish , i would be all over fried chicken .	 i love it they are both good	it is unclear what you are referring to . do you drive ?	 i was refering to bears and i drive to go get sunfish	oh okay , totally . so do i , but i get paid for it .	 that is amazing where do i sign up	fill out the necessary paperwork and send it to the rector of your parrish .	 i will have to do that thanks	you are most welcome . my children are my reason for living .
 hey there , how you doing ?	hello how are you today ?	 i am pretty good . you enjoying the weather ?	i am doing great thanks	 are you enjoying the weather ?	the weather is lovely ! what are your hobbies ?	 i like going shopping and watching tv	i like reading suspense novels	 that is cool . do you have a favorite ?	what is your favorite food ?	 um , i do not really have a favorite kind of food .	i really like to eat pizza	 that is fun . do you have a favorite tv show ?	i like breaking bad , you ?
 back from a walk . i love to walk . how about you ?	i do like to walk run . . i would rather do that than drive !	 i have a honda civic , but my best friend lives close , so i walked .	oh yes that is the way to do it . what music do you like ?	 whatever my three children are listening to at the moment . you ?	i am a backstreet boys fan lol . . but mostly country !	 my grandmother loves country music , and we have the same name . loretta !	oh wow cool ! what do you like to eat ?	 whatever my children like best without a fuss . what about you ?	lol all about your kids huh ? i enjoy cheese , and wine	 all about the kids , right . what do you do to pass time ?	but that is great . . i enjoy drawing in my spare time	 if any of the pictures that my kids drew were worth , i would be rich !	oh yes children can be great artists	 so , besides drawing in your spare time , what else do you like ?	i also golf . . what do you do for fun
 hey whats up with you right now ?	not much , looking in the mirror deciding if i should get botox	 ahahah . sounds funny . i am getting so i do not stress my thoughts much	i am not stressed i just want to look fabulous forever lol	 you will surely but it will not last forever	so what do you do for a living ?	 nothing much now . i currently awaken my youth by watching my favorite band ween	cool . i have never had a job before	 i love to creative art and can teach you to make a living from it	i have a degree in fashion design just never used it	 or you can help me in my garden and i will pay you	oh that is not my cup of tea
 hello , how are you tonight ?	hi i am jack and i love xbox and halo	 hello , jack . i am mia , todd says hello too . he is a parrot .	hi todd i sing about bacon in the shower	 what does your family think about that ?	they think i take my job too seriously	 my family thinks i am worthless , they ignore me a lot .	i get to work on my moped its a no kill shelter	 that is very lovely . is it only dogs ?	i do not do well with people its hard to look people in the eye	 i am the same way . i always feel that they do not like me .	i fear they judge me hence i am last in cold showers at the gym	 i do not go to the gym for that very reason .	its at my complex so not as big as the regular gym	 i do not have one in mine , you are lucky .	it is my only escape other than video games from my grandmother
 hello ! how are you today ?	good just watching some tv and chilling	 fun . i am playing with my iguanas .	i am drawing a comic book and the main character has an iguana	 cool . what is the name ? mine are sassy and shine .	dr . pepper because that is my favourite soda	 my brother likes dr . pepper too . i can not afford soda .	bummer i got a job watching the door at a club so doing ok financially	 sounds interesting . i want to train dogs to read .	that would be cool , my favorite show is scooby doo because he chats	 that is why i think with training they can read ! one day .	for sure , whats your favorite food ?	 i like chicken . what do you like to eat ?	i love black jack gum but when i drink it with dr . pepper it just does not work
hi you doing today	hi there i just came in from hiking , hbu ?	 well i am stuck , no technology , just being savage	i am well a little down me an my mom use to do it together	 that is something i never heard	how come ? conserving energy ? whats going on	 ok , well due to remoteness , , i feel trapped	my mom passed away , in my spare time i write about fiction ,	 i am sorry to hear that , writing is cool to do	well how are you talking to me without any ? weird . anyway , i am in advertstiment	 using my mind , and telepathic powers	thank you , yes i loved her dearly
 hello . how are you today ?	hi , i am good . just chilling out after work . you ?	 oh nothing much . just getting ready for work .	have you got anything interesting happening at work today ?	 nothing much . just a pop quiz for my students .	sounds better than my day was . too many meetings for me . whats the quiz ?	 countries in europe . its a simple informal assessment .	what age students do you teach ?	 grade 3 age 8 to 9	do you enjoy teaching ? i always thought it would be quite hard work .	 i do enjoy teaching and it is hard work , but i like it .	good for you . what do you do to relax at the end of the day ?
hello how has your night been ?	well steven is at nasa all night , puff	 www no fun is steven your friend ? i do not have many friends myself . so i real alot	well that is cause you care what people think . i do not	 read i meant . true and being stuck in this wheel chair does not help matters .	really ? there are other people in wheel chairs too	 i suppose being antisocial is not helping . what do you do ?	steven . i am gonna make spagetti with meatballs	 yum . sounds great . one of my favorite foods	how did you end up in a wheel chair	 a four wheeler accident .	do you feel stupid now ?
how are you doing this evening	well thank you , just planning my trip to paris . how are you ?	 that is great ! i wish i could go but i am a kindergarten teacher so i am poor lol	teaching must be more exciting than the pharmaceutical industry though	 that must be exciting as well , my class is quite large , 26 kids so i stay busy	my one sister teaches middle school in san francisco but her class is roughly 10 students .	 at least the children get one on one attention . my school is very large !	you must have to be very organized to keep track of everyone then right ?	 for sure ! its a 24 7 job , i cherish my free time lol	what do you enjoy doing in your free time ?	 i really like kayaking , what about yourself	i love travelling and strangely enough , visiting home with my family .	 where do you like to travel to ?	anywhere that i can feel completely out of my comfort zone . do you travel ?
 hey ! do you like call of duty ?	not much into video games . my kids are though	 my older sisters and brothers hate them too	tell me , do you like baseball ?	 it is ok . sometimes i watch a late night game	i am an oriole . i had to move to baltimore when i was signed	 congratulations ! as an athlete , can you eat fried chicken ?	lol only during the off season . do you like chicken ?	 i do . that and chocolate cake ! so good !	lol only during the off season . do you like chicken ?	 you just said that ! haha	lol only during the off season . do you like chicken ?	 are you ok ? what is going on ?	well chocolate cake would send me running for a gym ,	 very true ! i should go to the gym	i do not think i said the same thing twice
 hi how are you doing ?	i am well . how are you ? i am planning my next trip .	 i am good thanks for asking	i enjoy traveling , cooking , baking and eating pizza . what about you ?	 i like to use my hands , building things	cool , what do you build ?	 mostly furniture , office and home	do you build pouches ? i could see the ocean from mine as a child .	 what are pouches ? u mean porches ?	yes , sorry about that ! my dog interrupted me . i love dogs .	 what kind of music do you like ?	rock . love bob segar ! how about you ?
 hello there , what are you up to ?	hanging with the family , how about you ?	 i am working and about to leave for the gym	gym , nice . my dad teaches gym in 7th grade .	 do you go to the gym ? are you into fitness ?	yeah , i play basketball , but as the oldest of four siblings , i am the shortest at 5 3	 you must be a point guard on a girls basketball team ?	guessed right ! my youngest sister wants to be one too . good she is active already .	 is it a high school basketball team ?	college . can you believe i am 23 and have a sister in first grade ? !	 i can believe it , i am 26 !	nice ! what fitness are you into ?	 going to the gym , cycling and running !	that is awesome ! my dad is trying to get his students into cycling !
 hello how are you doing today ?	a bit tired after a long day at work . business never stops at a large law firm	 no i suppose it does not . . . . laws being broken all over town . . . no holiday for the lawless	yep ! i am just glad it pays the bills ! nice to own our own home !	 do you have any hobbies ? i like to paint usually using watercolors	sometimes i like to go for a ride in my prius . clear my mind .	 prius . . . . conscious and awake . . . . caring for the planet . that is great	exactly ! my wife stays home with the kids . its basically my man cave .	 i work from home . . . . just hired someone to clean the house . . . a chore i deplore	we should get a cleaner to clean out all the tofu my wife keeps cooking . gross !	 www . . . . i have tried tofu in italian dishes . . . does not quite work	i do love italian food ! ! sometimes i drive my prius to buy some instead ! haha	 i try to follow my grandmothers recipe but with tofu . . . do not tell her . . . she will kill me	haha ! i wo not if you do not tell my wife i hate her tofu
 hello do you wish you could live forever ? i do	i would if i can eat pizza every day	 that is cool . i love my new samsung phone . i love all the new gaits	yes that is a nice phone . it would be nice if i could get a red one	 my ex has the red . we brok up cause he is too short	wow my classmate did the same thing . i go to school	 cool . i am not biased about size . my dog is smaller than the cat	i have a dog . we got the dog because i am the only child	 instant company . how cool was that ! i like to drive free	drive as free as the wind !	 what grade are you in ?	i am in the 11th grade now
 hey ! i just got a new tattoo !	that is cool , what is it of ? i am from russia , what about you ?	 i am in the us . it is a pair of knitting needles !	oh neat . i have one with the olympic rings i am an olympian .	 that is amazing ! what sport did you compete in ?	i do competitive weight lifting . i can bench 345 lbs and squat 400 lbs !	 oh my goodness ! that is a lot . the most i lift are shopping bags	haha ! so i take it you enjoy knitting ?	 i do enjoy it . it is my favorite thing to do . what about you ?	i mostly just do fitness stuff , to stay in shape for lifting .	 that makes sense . it takes a lot of devotion .	yes for sure . what other hobbies do you have ?	 i go to the mall and shop and hang out a lot .	that sounds like fun . do you work ?	 in a boring cubicle in an office . do you work too ?	no , i only concentrate on my weight lifting .
hello there , how you doing today ?	great . it is always a good day here in portland , oregon .	 i love portland ! do you hunt ? i like to in my spare time .	i have never been . i brew beer on my spare time instead .	 yummy ! ! i like to view the walking dead when i can	i recently bought a house with my girlfriend , so that keeps me way busy !	 i also like baseball especially the tigers . do you like sports ?	i do not care too much for them , but i sure do love coffee !	 that is great . yard work keeps me thin !	it is always a double win when chores serve as exercise !	 yes my friend it is ! how is the winter there ?	winter is coming . can you guess the reference ? ? !	 no sorry . i do not get it	it is from game of thrones . the series is popular in oregon .	 oh . i do not watch it , but i hear it is good .	one of the best shows to sip a beer to ! or coffee too .
hi how are you doing ?	great and you ?	 good , just drinking my 10th cup of tea for the day lol	you must be a huge tea fan	 very much so ! also a huge fan of the color red .	that is one of the colors of my lexus	 nice ! any hobbies ? i love to hike , a bit afraid of snakes though .	love to dance hate snakes too	 that sounds fun ! its weird because bugs do not bother me , but snakes !	snakes and math are my weakness	 yes i agree with that ! i never liked math !	it has always been a issue for me
 hi , how are you ?	good how are you ?	 good , relaxin . just preying for my trip to canada . i go every fall to visit my sister .	that sounds nice ! what are your hobbies ?	 reading and cooking . being vegetarian i needed to learn to make fun stuff . you ?	that is cool i love pizza and i am rally into reading	 that is cool . i know being vegetarian is not for everyone . what do you do for a job ?	i am actually still in school studying science what about you ?	 i volunteer at the animal shelter . its where i got my four cats lol	that is so nice	 i enjoy it . get a lot of time to read during the subway rides to work .	that makes sense !
i work in a hospital , where do you work ?	i am an art student . i like drawing best .	 cool ! what do you like drawing ?	fantasy stuff , i could live in that world it is so much fun .	 really ? do you like reading fantasy books as well ?	not so much , i draw in class instead of note taking .	 haha . when i am bored i drink dr pepper to stay awake .	what books do you like ? i read a great book on lizards .	 i do like fantasy books , like harry potter and the lord of the rings .	i like fantasy but it can limit your friendships . i also like dr . pepper !	 why limit them ? because people are too judgemental ?	yes , most people like all reality tv and are into celebrities , etc .	 maybe that is why i read so much , because i see too many people at work .	that is why i draw . my favorite fantasy character is to draw a lizard .	 like a t rex , or more modern reptiles ?	a mythical lizard , purely fantasy .
 there is nothing like good old pizza and working on trucks like a man .	how are you , how is going day ?	 great here , working on a truck and eating pizza with my doberman .	oh good , i thing your favorite is pizza	 i always heard a dog is a mans best friend but now i know its true .	do you have any animals , i have a dog and parrots	 nothing like pizza . my wife says its because i am a man but everybody loves pizza .	oh , i like music and dance	 yes my doberman and he likes pizza as much as i do .	i play bingo with my husband	 i love all kinds of music but i only watch other people dance .	great , i am a engineer , what is your profession	 i never played bingo . my hobby and job has always been working on trucks .	i have three brother and sister	 no siblings for me . just me and my doberman .	what about your profession and dream
 hi how are you doing today ?	i am great ! just sewing a blanket . you ?	 working on a new piece of furniture for a client	what kind of furniture ? i need a new chair . i broke mine since i am overweight .	 building a custom couch this weekend	very nice . i need a couch that would not attract cat hair . i have one lovely cat .	 that might be challenging i have a house to clean next weekend	i hate cleaning houses . i always find my brown hair everywhere .	 do you ever bowl ? i got lucky and got 300 before	nice ! i do not like bowling since i was made fun of for being short .	 understandable . trying to find someone to go shopping for me i am scared since the hostage crisis	i am scared too ! we can face our fears together .	 that would work . are you watching football tomorrow ?	yes and today . college football !
 hello . how are you doing today ?	i am good , and you ?	 i am well . just got in from some rollerblading .	rollerblading . . . that sounds fun . . do you do it often ?	 yes i do . it is fun and is great exercise . what about you ?	i like to sew and cook . i plant my own veggies and herbs in my garden	 that is great . i love eating fresh veggies .	fresh is the best way to go .	 absolutely . have you ever been to a hockey game ?	no , but i always wanted to go and check it out .	 you should . they are exciting to watch . pretty much my favorite sport .	do you know a good salon ? my hair is so hard to manage	 i have the same problem , so i keep my head shaved . ever considered that ?	no . . lol . . i still want some hair . . just maybe easier to manage
 hi how are you today	i am doing reasonably well . how about you ?	 i am good do you have shoes	i do have shoes , but none of them are leather , because i am vegan .	 i only have one pair of shoes	is there a reason you only have one pair of shoes ?	 because my mom has five hundred	are you still in school ? i am a teacher of little kids .	 i am not my job is to arrange her shoes	i am obsessive compulsive , so i spend too much time arranging things .	 me too that is why i arrange her shoes	are you a hypochondriac and neurotic as well ? like me ?	 no but i do not cook	does your mom do the cooking ?
 hello ! how is your day going ?	going good . getting ready to go dancing , you ?	 fun ! good day for me . busy with my five kids . what kind of dance ?	wow five kids . i only have cats	 i love cats ! i draw them a lot as one of my hobbies	i have three of them . they are nice to come home to	 they are cute . i visit my friends house a lot and she has pets	a friend of mine just helped me dye my hair	 cool ! what color ? my friend just got me a new gadget and i love it !	blonde , it looks very cool . what does it do ?	 glad you are happy . it is a 3d printer ! gadgets are my favorite	my husband has 3d pen . we used it to make a halloween costume	 what was the costume ? that is amazing ! i like to draw . maybe i will get one	it was katara from avatar . we made her necklace	 i bet it took a while but was worth it .	it took a lot of tries , but it was fun , what have you printed
hello ! how are you today ?	great ! how are you today ?	 could be better i have a lot of work	i just finished giving my ford truck an oil change . i am tired .	 that sounds very tiring . i am trying to write a book	wow ! what is the book about ?	 it is about my life	life . that is a good subject . as long as it is not about country music .	 oh no no no , i do not like country	good to know . are you leading a good life ?	 i am . well will be soon when i get this book done	nice ! how much do you have left to write ?	 about 30 more chapters	that is a lot ! i would write about my ford truck if i wrote anything .	 what sort of things would you say ?	that is a lot ! i would write about my ford truck if i wrote anything .
hello . how are you tonight ?	i am doing good just chilling with my dog , socks	 that is cool . no pets . my orange county chopper is my baby .	wow , well i cant afford anything like that . i am a poor college student	 between motorcycles and archery i am broke all the time .	i am probably broke more because i just cant do math , so i am terrible at finances	 i actually just got a job cleaning gutters . actually good money at the right house .	i should look into that . wish i could dance for a living . that is my passion	 what kind of dance ? i could dance , it would burn the carbs my dr hates .	any dance . i just love it . what else do you like ?	 i play bass in one metal band and guitar in another . true story there .	wow , whats your band called ?	 play bass in ave imperator and guitar in deceased inside .	i will have to look into those	 please do . if you like metal most definitely check us out .	maybe my dog , socks will like you guys
 hello , tell me about yourself .	i am a loving mother and wife , with the most beautiful grandchildren .	 what are you up to ? i am watching the walking dead . i love that show .	i am sitting on my back deck taking in the cool breeze off the lake !	 that sounds fun ! i am preparing a vegan avocado and pineapple salad .	oh delicious , sounds like something my husband would hate !	 cool ! does your husband like to read ? i love to .	yes he does ! he reads and i sew . its kind of my passion , opened a little shop .	 that is so cool ! i love reading , especially the game of thrones !	my oldest grandson loves that series book !	 really ? do they enjoy harry potter books , because they are my favorite ?	oh , i have seen those movies a hundred times with my grandkids !	 they are excellent ! i prefer the books , but i grew up with the movies !	its been a pleasure dear ! i might just have to check those books out .	 sure thing , i agree ! have a good one !	wait i did not get your name !
 hey ! how are you tonight ?	i cannot stop thinking about game of thrones . do you watch ?	 lol , no . i am only in elementary school so my mom would not let me watch that !	aww ! i just wanna know how it ends .	 lol ! i am so excited one direction is coming to my city ! ! !	i saw so much one direction stuff at walmart when i went .	 really ? ! they are my fav band ! whats yours ?	i like madonna , she is my idol . i cannot talk long , i am making spaghetti .	 no way ! spaghetti and meatballs is my favorite ! ! !	mine too ! i like it with lots of cheese .	 yummy ! my mom plays tennis as a profession so she is not home to cook much .	tennis is fun ! i prefer to ski though . winter is the best .	 agreed ! snow days are the best days ! ! !	yes ! i could never live somewhere it is always hot .	 i wish it could be fall forever though . such pretty colors	yeah but snow is great !
 hi how are you today ?	i am not doing that well . i am so dissatisfied with my school life	 i understand . i am a part time student .	i am still in high school , but wish i was a bit older and could move out	 i skateboard to relieve stress . do you have a hobby ?	not really , my dad is so strict i cant do anything .	 that s a bummer . candy is also a good escape !	he is too strict for me , so much so , i have only one close friend	 at least you have a friend . does your dad like your friend ?	yes , that is why we are still friends i guess	 i really like a person i work with !	do you , tell me more about it	 he really likes my casual style of just jeans	that is great . what else do you enjoy ?	 we like to skateboard together	i wish i could go with you
do you want to hear about my new religion ?	sure what religion is that	 i created my own . its based on ancestors . i see ghosts .	sounds cool , would help me leave school since i hate it so much	 it may not be for you , no holidays in my religion are celebrated .	that is ok , my life on the lake is boring	 what are you in school for ?	i am in school for magic	 that sounds to be not boring to me .	it can be since i know all of it	 do you drive ? i only purchases convertibles .	i cant drive yet though i wish i was	 do you not know how ?	i do not know how , when did yo learn	 i learned young , got my permit at 15 . 5	wow that is young , you are cool
 hello . how are tonight ? i just enjoyed a freshly baked cookie with chocolate chips	my head hurts , thanks for asking . sounds like you are good tonight with that cookie .	 do you have a headache ? yes , a good cookie does wonders .	yeah , i have a headache . i think it is from falling up the stairs earlier today .	 i am so sorry . please be careful of head injury . did you get checked out ?	nah , i do not make enough money to take useless visits to the hospital .	 . . . been there . i would drive you if you live nearby , and pay for your visit .	that is very generous of you ! but we must be aware of stranger danger too .	 okay . i feel safe in my toyota . my forever car .	my favorite car brand is honda , i think my civic will actually last a lifetime .	 yes , a relative had one for years and years . do you have a favorite superhero ?	no , not unless my company makes a french fry superhero . what do you do for work ?	 i work for pepsi . and it is my favorite soda .	i work for del taco , i am a researcher . what do you do for pepsi ?
hi how are you doing	i am doing well that you . my 2 cats says hello as well .	 i like cats do you like reading	i do ! i read if i am not donating my time at the animal shelter	 that is a nice thing to do i love reading in teh sun	that is really nice . other than that , i stay home with my 2 kids .	 how old are your kids	13 and 18 . they enjoy hunting , as do i .	 that is cool what kind sof animals do you hunt	just geese . nothing more than that .	 cool what kind sof music do you like	all kinds . i have been listening to 60s music . you ?
hey , i write poetry and some call me poetry sam !	that is interesting that you write poetry ! my husband is an author .	 wow maybe we can collaborate together . i donate my old clothes to a shelter	i also donate to thrift stores , where i find stephen king books	 my clothes goes to the homeless shelters . i also am the leader of the gun club	interesting . i am an artist mostly on the computer	 wow that is cool . my friends and i go golfing on sunny days . do you play sports	no . i spend time taking care of my twin girls .	 aww how old are they ?	they are five years old , so i read stephen king when they sleep .	 wow . they are in kindergarten	yes . have you been to france or canada ?	 canada i have , niagara falls	i was born in france . i now live in canada and really like it .
 howdy , how is your day	i am doing quite swell what about you ?	 good just spending time with the family	nice i love my family especially my children	 i have a 4 year old boy	what do you do for a living ?	 i went to school i stanford , but i play professional soccer	nice i tried to be an actor but i gave it up and instead pursued bakery	 that is awesome , do you love it ?	yes , but i want to retire soon	 oh okay , what you choose is great as long as you love or like doing it	yes , i believe in that sincerely . how is work for you ?	 oh i love it but ready to retire , its alot of abuse on the body	do not push yourself too hard	 i have no choice with this profession but i love it so	doing something that you love makes life a lot easier
 hi , how are you doing	not too great . my wife just got laid off .	 sorry to hear about hope she fine another one soon	me too . how are you ?	 am fine , just got back from church	do you work at the church or are you just a member ?	 yes i work with the paster	that is cool . i am trying to startup my own company .	 that is great , i love old car what about you	i love designing video games . do you have any family ?	 yes i have five sisters and seven brothers	wow ! big family ! any children ?	 yes five children and grand also , what a bout you	i have a son . he plays on the local football team .	 that great i no you are pride of him	yes . so proud . so how long have you worked with the pastor ?
 hey there how we doing tonight	i am well how are you ?	 i am doing well just doing the things i love . eat pasta and swimming	that is cool . i have body art and i hate my job .	 that is awesome i love body art	yes i have a rose tatoo	 i have my favorite singer tattooed . britney spears ! !	i only wear silver because i am afraid of vampires .	 that is smart i wear the color pink , i love it	britney spears is cool . i like pink also .	 there we go ! ! how is your saturday going	it is going pretty good . yours ?	 doing pretty well about to watch some dragon ball in a little	that is cool i used to watch that show alot .	 something to do , so where you from i live in georgia	yes it is . i am from california .
 what are you doing right now	i am studying for an exam for my art history class ! what about you ?	 you are a student ? just getting ready to go to my factory job	i am , i just recently moved to portland oregon and decided to go back to school .	 what are you going to school for ?	i am going to art school ! i hope to be a graphic designer .	 i think you will do great . i wish i made more money so i could travel	me too ! i have never been out of the country , i wish i could go to europe !	 i would love to go again . it is beautiful there	when did you last go ? i have only heard amazing things .	 a few years ago . do you do anything for fun ?	i love caring for animals , i have many pets . my weirdest is probably a pet skunk !	 how cute haha . i love ufc fighting . especially connor	i have never watched it , maybe i should start !	 you definitely should . it is very entertaining	my brother loves it . i will talk to him about it when i see him .
 hello , how are you tonight ?	worn out by the game tonight . i play for the minnesota wolves .	 nice , my wife is a hockey fan . so are our boys .	i was just drafted last year . i already get 55 mil just to dribble .	 do you like tofu or want another girlfriend ?	5 mil ! 55 , i wish . no tofu for me . my studies take up too much time .	 what are you studying ? my wife is working on her masters .	proofreading , but it is not going too well , as you can see .	 that is okay , we all have our off days .	i also should have finished my degree by now , but it is taking a while .	 mine took me a while as well . what do you drive ?	just a basketball down the court .	 i have a prius , my wife drives a mustang .	nice . when i finish at unc maybe i will get one of those .	 they are excellent for the environment .	it is a bit of a commute from unc n carolina to minnesota .
 oh my pie smells awesome . i love making home made fresh pie .	i wish i could afford to make pie , i cant even afford the utility bills	 nothing like fresh home made pie with ingredients from my own garden .	my neighbor next door has a garden , i babysit for her sometimes	 i am a grocery store cashier so i know all about being broke .	yes , do you have a car ? i have to take the bus	 next year my garden will be bigger and i can make more fresh pie .	you grow anything yellow in your garden ?	 i have a car but i ride my bicycle to work because i cant afford gas .	i am sorry to hear that . you know what cheers me up ?	 i grow plenty of squash . i wish i could grow bananas but i am too far north .	man i wish i could try those ! seriously anything yellow is my favorite	 sewing cheers me up . its just a odd hobby i picked up .	i see . maybe i should take up sewing as i cant afford clothing
 hey , you got any pets ?	nope no pets at the moment . how are you ?	 baby , i am real good . just came from the gym	do you ever watch hockey ?	 no , i do not . i am not into all those sports	feels good to have a good night sleep and go to the gym	 yeah it does , i still have not taken a drink of alcohol in my life	work behind a computer all day i need the gym .	 how about i give you a nice massage ?	i do not drink myself .	 well then , we are perfect friends for each other lol cheers with water lol	massages are nice . sleep is better . yes for sure .	 i know i love to sleep , all night , every night	ha . do you dream a lot ?	 yes , i always dream . but i do not think its quite appropriate to share such dreams with anyone	those are good dreams . not sure why i do not have them myself .	 i do not believe you understand what dreams i am talking about	the fun dreams or something else ?	 something else , way better than just fun dreams	good though right . not some bad kind of dream . lucid dreaming ?	 oh no , not lucid dreaming . perhaps dreams for adults 18 if you know what i mean	yeah i do not have those kinds of dreams ! maybe once .	 i am laughing so hard right now , neither do i , i said it just for . . . . . fun lol	in my whole life . would love to though . most people do actually .	 you are so funny , you said would love to though , i am dying	yeah seriously why not with whomever you imagine sounds good to me	 stop ! ! ! i cant breathe , you are too much , i cant stop laughing	bring on the good fun dreams . nice chatting with ya . sweet 18 plus dreams to you !
 hello . how was your weekend ? i finished reading three books .	it was good . so you must like reading ?	 adore it ! i can read english and french . been reading since i was three !	wow that is impressive . i prefer playing board games	 fun ! any certain ones ?	i like them all , but lately my daughters have me playing trouble	 how many kids do you have ?	four girls . do you have any ?	 i have four as well . two girls two boys .	i am sure you stay busy then . what do you do for work ?	 stay at home mom . working on ged since i am a highschool dropout .	ah that is really great
 hi howdy how are you tonight i am fine .	hi , i am good eating dinner ?	 let us get to know each other i love going shopping .	do you know anyone who is hiring ?	 no sweetheart online has great jobs you have to search .	i am looking for a job , i have to be tight with my money .	 i understand times are rough with trump in bad .	thanks i will look , it makes me sad not to work .	 i feel you i did not birth any kids you ?	i still stay with my parents	 oh that is okay i have to go to my employment weekly .	so do you have any hobbies ?	 where are you looking for work ?	anything i need money lol	 yes i like hair and making up my face beautifully .	you should watch youtube tutorials with make up
hi there , tell me about yourself	hey ! well , i like working in my garden . what about you ?	 really ? my best friend grows plants in her garden in the big city !	plants are my favorite ! purple ones are the prettiest .	 she has some purple ones . i admire them when i go visit .	i bet they are beautiful . my lizard likes to eat the purple flowers .	 you have a lizard ? we were thinking about selling those at my job at the grocery store	i do , his name is gila . what do you do at the grocery store ?	 mainly just stock shelves . you should swing by . we sell purple flowers for gila	that would be awesome ! i love getting things for gila .	 what else do you enjoy ?	i do not have any siblings so i like to hang out .	 me either , we should hang out sometimes	that sounds like a plan to me	 where are you located at ?	i am in virginia , but love visiting places .
 hello there . what do you do for a living ?	i am a realtor , but wait tables on saturday and sunday boring , how about you ?	 well , moms a kindergarten teacher and dads in accounting , so naturally i am an accounting professor .	ah ! whats that like ? i took 2 accounting classes , i was really bad at it .	 its okay . all my office supplies are name brand and top quality , makes it easier .	are you going out with friends tonight ?	 nope , reading my favorite book , anne of green gables . how about you ?	i am going out with my best friends from college , they are incredible and fun !	 sounds exciting ! do you own any pets ?	they are the greatest friends i love them ! i have a cat , do you ?	 that is good ! cats are cool , pot bellied pigs are my favorite . always wanted to adopt one .	i have never seen one ! what are they like ?	 they are really smart and cute !	i bet . i hear they are very loving , like dogs and cats .
hi how are you doing ?	do you go to casino usually ?	 i usually do not . what about you ?	i finished my degree in statistics to go try work	 how cool , i am looking for publishing jobs .	my 3 kids motivates me to work hard	 i am sure you make em proud . my mother works at a library .	i wanted to go back to study to becoming managers	 that is good . i hope that works out for you .	blackjack , i can count the cards i know it	 that is not a good way to win .	that is a skill that all players wants	 gambling plays with your emotions .	that is right and true	 it can put you on top , or end your life .	it could be , that is possible
 hi how are you today ?	been working all day . am a mortician . how about you ?	 good . that is very interesting . do you enjoy your work ?	honestly i do its like helping ppl one last time . any hobbies ?	 i really like to draw	i have a huge stamp collection . would love to learn to fly though .	 i could never pilot a plane with my sausage fingers	do you have a favorite movie ? i could watch dirty harry everyday .	 i love to watch action movies	same ! what do you do for work ?	 i am a comedian . i try to make people laugh	how nice i love comedy . always cheers me up .	 what kinds of stamps do you collect ?	mostly vintage ones . they can be pretty pricey . do u collect anything ?
 hi there ! hows it going ?	well , thank you , i am finishing a book . you ?	 i am taking a break from work . what book are you reading ?	i am reading a book about the art of pizza making . its really interesting .	 sounds cool . do you make pizza yourself ?	yes ! i even built a pizza oven in the backyard . what do you like to do ?	 i like playing my guitar and playing video games when i am not working .	are you a night owl ? i like to stay up late and game .	 i can be , it depends how into the game i am . do you game alone ?	i do most things alone . just me , some dream theater on my playlist , and the game .	 i see , sounds pretty nice !	i enjoy it . so , whats your favorite pizza topping ?	 i am a beef guy , but all pizza is good to me	you should try putting hamburger on a pizza . its amazing .
 how are you doing today ?	i am good and how are you	 i am eating a late dinner	i am too veggies here	 mashed potatoes and green peas are my favorite	i am a member of peta so i do not eat meat	 i am vegan too . do you watch game of thrones	i watch it all the time	 i also like to watch soccer	i make 50 grand a year so i do not have time for it	 do you collect anything ? like art ?	no i do not know much about that	 what is your favorite color ?	my favorite color is green and whats yours
hi how are you today	hey doing great , just got done with a bike ride . how are you	 i am doing great ! i might go for a hike soon	that sounds nice , do you train with someone or just alone	 i just go alone i love to its so relaxing . where are you from	i live in north carolina , how about you ?	 i am in vermont . but i travel a lot i love national parks	i would like to visit some , especially yosemite i have heard it is beautiful	 i have been to 12 . yosemite is one of my favorites	wow 12 ! do you have any pets	 no i do not i am an activist so do not have time	what are you actively supporting or opposing ?	 i support anything that helps the environment	well that is a good cause . i was religious in the past but no more
 hello , how are you this fine rainy thursday ?	i am good , only it is not raining here . what are you up to ?	 binge watching supernatural , hard to do anything with a broken leg .	i am sorry to hear that . i am working on a lab right now .	 i would love stuff like that , my dad is trying to force me to be a journalist .	do you not like to write ?	 writing is ok , but doing it for a living is not what i want .	i understand . my mom and dad were scientist so now , that is what i do	 my mom blames my fragile bones on my birth . i was born 6 weeks early .	awe i am sorry to hear , i am really tall and work out a lot	 haha i am only 4 11 and a half .	i also do gymnastics , i love it	 a tall person doing gymnastics ? i envy that .	haha , not as easy as it seems
 hi , how is it going ?	its going great . i just got me another car . how about you ?	 oh , cool . i am playing with my dogs .	i am about to wash my acura 3 . 0 cl and drink a few beers .	 all three of my dogs were adopted .	wow . i see you love dogs then . where do you work	 i am still in college .	i work at a car company and my wife does hair .	 oh . do you believe in karma ? i do .	i do that is what i told the team i played this morning at the basketball game .	 do you have any hobbies ?	yes my hobbies are weight lifting , fishing , basketball , and getting money .	 oh cool . i enjoy reading in my spare time .	great . so are you single or married .
 hi ! sitting watching football today . you ?	hello , l just left the nursing home where i volunteer	 that is very honorable ! i hope to be rich and donate to places .	we all hope to be . . . what do you do for a living ?	 i am a hockey coach . you ?	i teach water skiing but my dad wanted me to be a cop like him	 a cop ? that is honorable . they are our heroes .	yeah but it is so dangerous	 very true . i would donate to the police if i became a millionaire .	i definitely would to . any hobbies ?	 i like to play hockey and watch sports	basketball , running and of course water skiing	 that sounds fun . i do yoga on the weekend	i am a bit too tall for yoga	 that is nonsense ! no one is too tall for yoga !	my downward dog would look like upward dog lol
hey how is your day ?	hello , my day is going good so far . what about yours ?	 it is going great just in my sunflower patch	wow , i do not have a sunflower patch but i do enjoy flowers	 they are the tallest you have seen i am sure of it , and i love novels .	if it were not for my 3 dogs i would love to have a sunflower patch	 do you have any children ?	yes , i have 6 and work as a vet	 i have 5 but 2 have passed away , no good .	i am sorry to hear that . even if that is your script	 i work in the church to try and be closer to them .	does that help you cope ?	 it does absolutely , we make lots of food in the pantry and i feel good .	good ! i am married to my soul mate who works as a lawyer .	 he must be very smart to be a lawyer .	he is , he also knows my love for flowers so he sends them often
 hey ! what are you up to ?	watching the news at home . you ?	 just listening to some rock music . what do you do for work ?	i just quit my job and am about to apply to university	 congratulations ! i have never worked , my mom hit it big working for apple .	lucky . so what do you do for fun ?	 i love playing video games ! all genres . you ?	i like to go skiing . i play card games . travel much ?	 no , not really . you ?	i go to new orleans every once and a while i live very close	 very cool . i have never been there .	where are you from if you do not mind me asking	 i live outside of orlando , florida . i love it here .	nice ! i love florida . i live on the mississippi gulf coast . hour away from pensacola
 hello there . hows it going	blue , it is the only color , it is what i love , blue ! blue !	 but that is not the color of my drink . red wine	what ? , i cook with red wine its my passion ! ! !	 tell that to my only child	i would tell her that my hair is long an blonde , it is my hair !	 well can your hair beat my gardening	garden , hah . running , that is my passion , i really like it !	 that is nice . you can run with my 2 boxer dogs	no because my mother was killed horribly by 2 boxers when i was young	 oh no . that is tragic . visit me at my clothes shop	do you have blue ! , that is what i like , it is my favourite !
 hey ! how are you today ?	i am doing good . how are you ?	 ok , i guess . my friend is late picking me up for work .	that stinks . i hate being late . i love staying fit	 it sucks so bad . i am working at mcdonald and cannot afford my own car .	that stinks . i am a personal trainer	 that is what i want to be ! but i am taking a year off before i go to college .	oh ok that is cool . i go fishing on the wends	 sweet . how old are you ?	31 . i like hiking on the wends	 i am 18 . do you still live with your parents ? i do .	no but i live near las vagas , nevada . people call me dave
hi there , i am just wondering what you do for work ?	sales . i was in college but had to leave to care for grandparents .	 that was humble of you . i went to college . i have a statistics degree	my dad sold insurance so i learned a lot of him . i was also valedictorian .	 very nice . i am now a blackjack dealer , and now how to count cards .	that is interesting . are you close with your parents ?	 yes , very close to them . my 3 kids are as well , see them often	that is nice . my mom was a stay at home mom to me and my sisters .	 my kids stay with my parents during the day . do you like to travel ?	i love to travel but i do not have much money right now . do you ?	 i like to travel in the winter to escape the cold . do you have any kids ?	no but i do have 2 dogs that i absolutely adore !	 we have a couple of dogs as well , and 3 cats .	i never had a cat but might one day .
 my fav color is yellow	i like money , a whole lot . now i am rich , like rick james	 my daddy is dead an my boyfriend is in army	i played the lottery , and won . now i am rich	 lol oh yea , i play the piano	i will not ever work another 9 5 because i am like van halen now . . rich	 i like that lol share it	summons sharing spell i will share you the world ! ! !	 like yellow ? i do i like tulips alot	my girlfriend likes tulips . there is a tulip festival in portland every year	 i like when someone is sharing the world with me	i can share you the world . . shining , shimmering , splendid . .
 hi , how are you doing today ? hows the weather where you are at ?	i am doing well , how are you ? the weather is nice here , and there ?	 i am in missouri . springfield to be exact , and its a little hot today !	oh my ! its finally cooling down where i am , in time for my europe trip !	 cool ! . being a writer , i could use a trip for some inspiration !	have you ever been on a cruise ship ? i have not , that would be inspiring	 no . but i do hunt throughout the years with my brothers . do you hunt ?	no , being a woman in size 12 i am trying to stick to a veggie and fruit diet	 how about any barbecue ? i love it ! maybe you can try fish ?	ribs used to be my favorite	 i enjoy a good plate of ribs as well . smothered in sauce !	now i love to do my shopping on the weekends , instead of all the eating	 speaking of shopping , a home has been my most recent purchase . what about yours ?	dance lessons with my boyfriend , i bought them just a few minutes ago online !	 how fun ! i have always wanted to try a dance class .	me too , i am excited to try it ! before my trip
i am working my way through college taking care of wee uns how about you ?	hi , teller , divorced , and collect teapots . you ?	 when i get my mba i probably will not stay at the daycare though .	i used to babysit . i found out i do not like kids . you sing ?	 well my mom taught me to sing along with her students .	great ! i hat two cats . john and wayne are their names .	 my dad wanted me to follow in his footsteps drilling teeth . does not interest me though	i see . you are the first singing mba i know . you married ?	 no . i want to wait until i am fiscally solvent	hmmm . does your dad do your moms teeth ?	 no she does not trust dentists . strange eh ?	get out ! me too ! how many teapots do you have ? i have 22 .	 one teapot in my dorm room . needs to be cleaned .	is your mom and dad still living ? are they divorced ?	 yes they are . no they are not . they are very happy	great ! how long does it take to be solvent ?
 hi , would you like to get to know me ?	sure , do you have a go pro ? i love mine and film all the time .	 that is cool . what do you do while you are filming	death defying stunts , i just try and be safe and not think about it .	 so you are a thrill seeker ? i get plenty of thrills in the army	my friends think i am crazy and worry about me but i love it !	 what about your family ? do they worry ?	yes , but it makes me happy and other smile so i keep stunting . any hobbies ?	 not really . i enjoy sunday morning brunch , does that count ?	it does in my book , particularly with mimosas !	 my job is serious . i need to unwind when i can	i like eating , its hard to stay fit . i bet army food is terrible .	 it is not so bad . but i do like my own cooking better	what is your favorite food to cook ? i like cooking giblets and gravy .	 i make great quiche . do you have any pets ?	i have a parrot , his name is todd and he talks a lot .
 hello , how are you today ?	just a lazy day how about you ?	 same here . been getting tired due to all the fast good .	sorry i did not understand you . i wish it would clear up so i could go out	 its just that my mother did not instill eating healthy in me .	mine didst either but to keep fit i just ride my bike to work	 there they go again . neighbors have been yelling a lot at eachother lately	we are the neighbors that do that hard not be with a 6 year old	 i see . its actually happens in the middle of the night	that is kind of obnoxious but it is not always on purpose . have you told them ?	 we just deal with it . guess they are going through a lot	noise canceling headphones were the answer when i was growing up
 hello ! my husband and five kids just returned home and want food .	hey friend , sound like you had a long trip	 i was born in spain and that is a super long trip ! you ?	i am from florida , i have a brother who lives in europe	 neat ! i am a veterinarian , what do you do ?	i work from home , have my own business	 do you ever listen to hip hop ? its my favorite music .	i do some time , my i enjoy watching friends	 i like friends . do you like meat ? not me , that is why people call me a vegetarian .	haha ! yeah i love meat , vegetable too	 you are silly . what else can you tell me about yourself ?	i love traveling . gonna visit my brother in england .	 that is awesome . have you ever been before ?	yeah i travel there very often to meet new clients as well as visit family	 what do you do for work ?	timeshare , it is very lucrative business
 hi there ! how are you ?	i am good how are you	 i was good until my friend told me i was a neurotic hypochondriac	wow what does that mean	 well she thinks ocd rules my life . she is probably right . i struggle relinquishing control	that sounds tough what do you do for fun	 i enjoy my job teaching at a private elementary school , you ?	that is sweet i just moved here from france	 wow ! what brought you here ? i have a friend at my church from france	that is cool i just decided i needed a change	 feel free to come meet my french friend at the seventh day adventist church !	i might just check that out	 you should ! not that i am trying to force my religion on you .	no its ok i like trying new things what food do you like	 hmm , i love curry ! how about you ?	i recently found a great recipe for vegan tacos
hey , what is your preferred type of music ?	i love rock . working as an attorney , i listen to alot of classical too	 wow , i was just about to say my favorite genre is rock	i fit right in too , balding and beardy . haha	 haha , my favorite hobby is eating food	food ? mine is wearing and buying nice clothes . love nordstrom	 oh , you shop at nordstrom rack , i cant because i am over 300 pounds	not the rack . i make a comfortable living as an attorney	 oh okay , how fun must it be to represent people	it can be . do you enjoy movies or comedy specials ? i love katt williams	 i love him too , whats your favorite video of him ?	probably katt williams live , but they are all funny	 they really are , cedric the entertainer is funny too	i like cedric . i also love will ferrell	 lol , they give me life , anybody with sensible humor gives me life	laughter is the best medicine !
 hey how is it going what do you do for a living	hi ! i am an artist , i enjoy painting . you ?	 i am a virtual assistant from home	that is cool , what are your hobbies ?	 my hobby is reading comics love it	comics are cool ! i like visiting museums sometimes	 that is cool , do you have any pets	no pets , but two sons are pretty much like pets haha	 haha i feel that i have a cat that keeps me busy	cats are so cute ! do you live alone or are you married ?	 just me and my cat	sounds like a great pair . i just have my husband and my kids .	 cool seems like you have a beautiful family	thank you ! i actually just celebrated my anniversary last week !
 omg my parents are driving me crazy , even though i love them .	there is only one thing you can do with bad parents	 yeah get a new job because i was just fired and move out !	my cat is larger than my dog	 is he fat or is your dog a midget ?	i think it is a little bit of both	 hold on , my girlfriend is knocking on my window and don t want parent to know !	sneak her in through the dog door .	 i got her inside . my parents are freaking out because they think i m gay	well they might have a point .	 i like guys as well as girls . but having a therapist talk to them would be good .	you need to smell your own farts	 that s really gross . are you an adult ?	yeah , i thought you were someone else .	 you sound confused . are you drunk or maybe slow ?	i am just misunderstood , you know ?
 hey names jace and i took my weekend to study and get through some client paperwork	nice to meet you i am just study grad school is hard	 i work in dr . s office as a receptionist ; my job can be tedious	i need a job my mom and dad pays my rent	 my names is mary , and a full time student studying radiology at upenn near me .	that is cool . i like a vegetarian shop near your school	 what is the shop called exactly ?	it is call veggie and fish . i eat fish but no red meat	 oh ok , that does not sound so bad	i take my dos there and get him veggie treats	 your dog you mean , well that is pretty cool thing to do .	yes my dog is my best friend	 that is pretty cool to have a dog as your bf	her name is mally i love her	 that is pretty good what kind of dog is she ?	she is a pit bull . she loves sushi just like me lol
 how are you doing today	i am great probably going to go to the cinema to catch a movie , you ?	 i will probably go home and read	what type of books do you enjoy ?	 i like thrillers and mysteries	my grandfather was a bit of a thriller himself , he was in the circus !	 that sounds fun . what did he do ?	acrobatics ! he got me in to my latest diet , keto which is carb free .	 what can you eat in that diet	just carb free foods mostly .	 what kind of foods are those	like meat mostly , me and my dogs love them , do you like dogs ?	 i like dogs but my son is allergic	that is no good , so he could not meet my golden retrievers ?
 hi how are you today	i am good . almost winter here in dublin . how are you ?	 i am good is it cold	already snow on the ground in other parts of ireland .	 wow that is insane compared to here	what part of the world are you from ? dublin , ireland here .	 i am from the usa i love sleep	yes i love sleep in these long cold winter nights .	 what do you like to eat	i am going to visit the usa as soon as i finish my degree . i am almost there .	 what do you like to eat	potatoes . they kept the irish alive 400 years . its the only thing that grows here	 yeah i do not like winter	i am a 49 year old husky potato fed man taking care of my parents .	 wow potatoes are so tasty	yes very versatile . after i finish my degree i will grow them to sell .
 hey , how are you ? just got back from a long walk , so i am beat	hi ! i am obsessed with pens	 me too actually haha . i am an artist and pen is my favorite medium .	i like writing for a long time with my pens !	 wow , that is great ! what do you write ?	i am a writer for my local newspaper but i wish i did not work	 why do you wish that ?	because i do not make enough money there	 i see . i did not realize that newspaper journalists are underpaid .	yes , i am thinking about switching careers	 to what ? if i could write , i would try to write for game of thrones .	i am thinking about art . game of thrones is awesome !	 oh , wow ! i am a freelance artist , and i can tell you its not easy . its rewarding .	i am willing to put the extra worl
 hello . just finishing a documentary on zebras . what are you doing ?	i have just got done feeding my 2 snakes .	 cool . i wrote a piece about an escaped snake once .	how cool ! i love to collect things like comic books .	 i have never written for one of those , yet . what is your favorite ?	i love batman . what kind of things do you eat ? i only eat organically grown items .	 i tried that . . it is hard to give up all the other foods	it really is . it has help with my allergies .	 i get that . i can not have dairy . what is your allergy to ?	i am allergic to cats , dust and peanuts	 interesting . i am glad it is just dairy for me . say more ?	i dust a lot . especially my comic book and my autograph collection .	 stan lee does a good business signing things does he not	he does . he has made a lot of great stories .	 does you have his autograph in your collection ?	i actually . i have managed to collect over 2000 signatures on items .
 hey what are you up to	not much . my name is nancy , and i like the color red .	 do you work ? i currently work a mundane one , so i like to do some activist work	no , i do not work . just see what color red items i can collect .	 i like to work in my free time with my friends and family doing activist work	that is nice . you know i wear red lipstick and shoes , and have a red purse ?	 really i thought it was blue ? what do you like to do ?	no , red . i even drive a car that is red . i like to golf .	 i like reading books and novels by female authors mainly	which author is your favorite ?	 i have no favorites , i love them all equal	just like i like wearing and buying red items .
hi how are you today ?	i am ok , my oldest daughter is having a fit not getting what she wants	 yeah my says i do that too . not so much now i am older though .	yeah , well being 25 and raising her , in our apartment is not easy	 my mom i meant . do you have pets ? wow 10 years older than me .	no pets apartments are not allowed to have pets	 how old is your daughter ?	she is 7 years of age	 you had her young . 19 right ?	yeah pretty much but making it happen .	 where are you from ? good for you ! you can do it !	i am from pennsylvania	 i am from florida . warm .	how do you like florida ?
 hi , i am the oldest of 6 kids , and am adopted	i am the oldest child and was a slave for a decade	 oh wow , sounds horrid . my mom took care of us kids , while dad works at hp	it was , i got out and learned how to be a carpenter	 that is awesome ! ! my adoptive parents are great people .	i lost track of my parents when i was little	 i am sorry to hear , what about your siblings ?	i have one sister , we keep in touch often	 that is good ! the future is frightens me . . .	building redwood furniture calms me	 that is good to have a hobby	true , i like redwood because red is my favorite color .	 i mean it is beneficial to do	agreed , i do carpentry as a job and as a hobby
 hello how are you today ?	i am great , what about yourself ?	 i am doing good just relaxing	my days are pretty much always relaxing . i do not have to raise a finger .	 what do you do for a living ?	nothing , i am well taken care of .	 cool that is great to know	what do you do for a living ?	 i work from home , have for years	that sounds good . are you a social person or do you prefer keeping to yourself ?	 i am not a shy person but i keep my circle small .	i like my circle pretty small .	 me too i always have	i like to be around those i share interest with .
 hi there ! how was your night ?	fine , but the red sox lost .	 www , i am sorry . . i take it you are a fan ?	very much so , as are my two siblings .	 want me to beat the other guys up ? i am pretty intimidating for a middle aged woman	thanks anyway . do you have pets ? i have a dog .	 i have had over 10 dogs in my life , i have a tattoo for each	wow ! i would get a tattoo , but right now i am looking for a job , so no time .	 good luck with the search !	i am worried that my short stature will make me look weak .	 nah , lots of tough short people . i am 5 2 and have won every fight	thanks . i will be okay , i will wear my lucky tie . its red , my favorite color .	 what do you do for fun ? i ride motorcycles , fast !	not much . being out of work , i have no money .
 hi . how are you ? have your heard of michael smith new song	i am good . . . do not think so .	 god is an awesome god . . i might have name wrong	oh . i just got finished eating some pizza .	 what do you like to do ?	i like to pain pictures , you ?	 no . i enjoy listening to music religious music and keeping to myself	oh . what do you do for a living ?	 i enjoy and love spending time with my family . i am early retired	oh . i sell cars for a living .	 in my spare time i like to play basketball	oh , i enjoy basketball too .	 i hope you have a good evening . good luck in selling cars	thank you . i really enjoy it .	 i am getting off . i do not like to talk much .	oh . well i am sorry you feel that way .
hello how are you this gorgeous day ?	i am great ! how are you ?	 fairly good . just trying to decide what i am going to cook tonight	i see . what do like to eat ?	 everything . i am a cook of the gourmet variety so i make everything	that sounds fun ! do make a lot of desserts ?	 yes i love making cannolis and creme brulee	cool ! i really love chocolate cake , but cannolis are so good too !	 chocolate cake is yummy i agree . what else do you like ?	fried chicken with mashed potatoes .	 delicious ! ! any hobbies besides food ? haha	yeah , i like playing video games lol and you ?	 i love singing . not to brag but i am amazing at it	oh really ? that sounds fun . do you perform ?
 hello ! how are you this evening ?	hi there i am good . i am listening to some country music . you ?	 love country music . went shopping today and bought a new bmw	lol damn you got money . wanna come over and let me cook for you ?	 sure i am not married	lol cool . maybe i can show you a thing or two on the paino	 i would love it have always wished i could play	where do you work ? i am employed at a ba	 i am an er nurse	oh nice . that is important lol . lets get a drink	 i do not drink alcohol . water for me	i like to surf so i get enough water everyday	 haha that is not what i meant lol	haha , what else do you do for fun ?	 of course shop but my friends and i like to go out to eat	oh okay . i hear i cook pretty good . you like burgers ?
 hey , just got back to shore , what are you up to ?	i just came from a sip and paint wine tasting event .	 oh how exciting ! i love those sorts of events . is wine tasting your hobby ?	yes , i love attending wine tours and also museums . what are your hobbies ?	 well boating is definitely my favorite hobby , but all vacation activities are fun for me .	that sounds fun . i want to take my two sons one day .	 i do not have any kids , that money went towards my house instead	well i bet your house is nice .	 oh i think so , it is very large too	do you live alone ? are you married ?	 i live alone , being on call for the hospital all the time makes it hard to date	yeah that is understandable . what do you do ?	 i work as a doctor , what is your profession ?	i am just a stay at home wife . my husband makes the money .	 does your husband ever take your family on vacations ?	yeah we vacation every summer
hi how are you ? i was just working here in my salon .	hi , i am good , thank you . what kind of salon ?	 its my hair salon , we do all kinds of stuff like color my hair purple	cool ! do you own it ? or just manage ?	 i own it , what about you ?	i am a student at the moment , but i have big plans .	 that is great , whats your plans ?	i plan to become either a writer or an artist . i draw and write novels .	 ah that is great , maybe you could write on my boat about the sea	you have a boat ? that would be nice !	 yes its mine , that is where i live on the ocean come visit	i wish i could . . . maybe when i become a famous painter .	 i hope so , you could have painted my wedding last year .	i can always do it later , from photographs .	 wow that is a great idea my wife has lots of photos and shoes	it sounds like shoes are important ! i better paint them right .
 hi how are you doing ?	hi well not too well . i am so angry	 why what happened to you ?	just being an old man . i am pretty on my own	 what do you do for a living ?	i like to people watch especially at the bars	 is that how you make money ?	no i spend too much there . i am retired now	 what did you used to do ?	i am so old i cannot remember !	 what city are you from ?	i have been moving around staying with family members
hello how is it going	its going good . just been busy filming like i do every day	 cool beans i started intern at construction site to be a welder next week	i filmed a construction site once . some people say i am film obsessed and a bit crazy	 you should film the roller coasters i love riding them	that sounds scary , and i try not to think of death	 i try not to think of my father he left us when i was 5	i am sorry , how can i put a smile on your face ?	 roller coasters always make me feel better .	then i will film you after all . i love putting smiles on peoples faces	 that will be awesome cedar point take pictures will on them	is that where you would like to go ?	 yes for this halloween that would be awesome	even more scary ! ! are you sure you want to go at halloween ?	 yes , does not that sound like do much fun	i hope i do not think of death too much
 hi , how are you doing ?	i am doing well . just catching up on some sports news . you ?	 i am ok . just recovering from breaking my arm for the second time .	oh yikes ! as an athlete , i can relate . i am a basketball player . you ?	 nice ! i am actually unemployed at the moment because of my arm .	the minnesota wolves drafted me last season , so i could not imagine being injured now .	 yeah this happened at a terrible time . how long have you been playing ?	not the star , but i make about emil a year , so i cannot complain !	 wow ! do you have any siblings who play too ?	no , but my teammates at the university of north carolina were like family .	 that must be awesome ! i have a huge family so its always been chaotic .	i am sure . my schedule makes it hard to have a family of my own .
 hello there . how are you doing today ?	i am well . i am an avid reader .	 nice ! i am actually studying literature . american literature is much different than french .	it is nice to meet a learner . i am passionate about teaching .	 what are your favorite authors and books ?	kathryn stockett . she wrote the help . know it ?	 i have seen the film version . it was really quite popular even in france .	cool . i really do love reading . my husband , who is a cop , hates it !	 i understand that feeling . i have a passion for drawing but my fiance finds it silly .	where do you paint ? my best place to read is on the beach .	 i draw at the local coffee shop as well as the campus commons .	that is nice . i am sure coffee shops in france are better than in the us .	 i would not say better . . . just different . what are your favorite foods ?	do not be so modest . i am not a big foodie . mac and cheese works .
 hello , how are you doing ?	good , where did you grow up . i lived next to the sea .	 i grew up in new york by the hudson river , i love water	right on . i visited manhattan last summer . it is an awesome city to see .	 what is your favorite color ? mine is blue .	i do not have a favorite . i cannot pick one . what is your favorite animal ?	 what kind of work do you do ? i am in finance andi love cats .	i am a chef and i train dogs . . . not at the same time of course .	 i like to be creative and paint preferably with watercolors , dogs are cool too .	i do not think you like to paint with watercolors . i think your character does .	 the only thing with painting i do not want to clean up afterwards i hate it , lol	i share the same feelings about cooking and baking .	 oh but i do and i also love to rollerskate , and i like cooking as well .	what is your favorite food ? i make a mean homemade pizza .	 there are so many things i like to do , i have a lot of hobbies	i would love to go rollerskating . but , where do you get good quality shoes ?
hello , how are you tonight ?	i am good , aside from the fact that my computer is so slow .	 ugh , that is horrid . i have to go to the gym later , do you workout ?	occasionally , unless it is raining . then i just stand in the rain .	 i fly kites in high wind , it is so thrilling .	the only thing thrilling to me anymore is rita hayworth . i love her .	 she is so timeless ! i adore audrey hepburn .	i have no idea what she looks like . my glasses are perpetually dirty .	 she is a redhead . very pretty and very much her own woman in hollywood .	well you know what they say about redheads . . .	 i do , i am one .	. . they have the best colored hair !	 we truly do . do you watch sports ?	yeah . when i am not standing in the rain i like to watch football .
 hello ! how are you today ?	good , i just came back from horse riding , my favorite sport .	 that is great to hear ! are you a competitive rider ?	not looking forward to work tomorrow , i am an accountant , boring !	 we need you ! as a top lawyer in a large firm . . your work is appreciated .	no i ride for fun only .	 tough choices make for hard earned payoffs . am i right ?	it helps me not to think about me being adopted .	 i have a few kids with one on the way . youre welcome to join us	yes you are right , i wish i had siblings , are you married ?	 happily married to my beautiful wife for 15 years this winter .	wow , that is long time , i do not believe there is true love .	 true love requires hard work , compromise and friendship . you can have that too !	i am still bitter about my past break up , i hope he dies .
do you like music ? i have 9 guitars .	i love music and have recently joined a jazz band , playing the saxophone .	 that is so cool ! i am trying to play in a local area band here .	it is hard to find the right people for a band , but well worth it .	 i have always loved music . learned piano at only 6 .	i always wanted to play the piano , but became obsessed with karate .	 i have always wanted to learn karate but never did .	it is a challenge , but i am proud of accomplishing a black belt .	 nice . oh and i am also vegan no meat for me .	i am in between . i eat a little meat . my favorite indulgence is iced coffee .	 i have never been a big coffee drinker iced or otherwise .	i was not into coffee until i was on vacation in lake michigan . i became hooked .	 for me it is diet coke , ice water , or lemonade .	i also like all of those . i have to include iced tea as well .	 it has to be really sweet for me to like iced tea .	you must be from the south . southerners love sweet tea .
 hello ! how are you today ? i am preparing for another marathon .	wow , what kind of marathon ? i am thinking of a new hair style	 a 5k . what kind of hair style ?	i usually comes up with different styles , just like doing my nails	 very neat . what kind of food do you like ?	5k marathon ? i like volleyball that s the only sport	 i am into lifting weights .	wow , what kind of diet you follow ? have you tried pickled eggs ?	 i am not on a diet . i like pickled eggs . i like anything besides sweet potatoes	where are you from though ?	 texas , you ? do you have any pets ?	i don t have any pets	 no ? i love dogs . i have 3 of them . they are great danes .	oh , i don t really keep pets around the house	 that is too bad . you do not like dog hair or what ?	yes , i don t like dogs really
hey , love how are you doing ?	fine . need a break , my roommates hate my parakeet	 hate your what lol ? and me too i have been waiting tables all night .	i have three of them . roommates that is . not parakeets a bird	 oh wow and nights like this make me reconsider my career choices .	you must be tired . i would be	 yea should have just followed in my dads footsteps and became a cop .	yea maybe , hard to know	 he is retired now , but tell me about you ? i would like to know you better .	i got even with my roommates by painting the living room orange fav color	 haha i love it ! i am just over here living the single , cyclist life .	i also drink a lot of milk right before i go to sleep . dutch furnace ! ! !
 hi how are you today	hi there , i am doing great . how are you ?	 i am good do you work	yes , i started this new thing , working online .	 do you enjoy doing it	not as much as attending a festival ! how about you ?	 are you married then yeah	nope . my friends call me her royal singleton	 wow that is not very nice	its because i am allergic to commitment lol ! what do you do ?	 i am a coach you see	i see . what do you coach ?	 basketball and cross country really	okey dokey . do you like music ?	 i do , do you also	i like the story so far .
 do you like gummy bears ? i can not get enough to satisfy my sweet tooth .	no , i do not have a sweet tooth , thanks .	 i eat tuna fish salad once a day do you ?	no , you do not get tired of it ?	 no i do not . what is your eye color and hair color ?	brown and green , do you have any pets ?	 really i have brown hair and green eyes to . no i do not . what is your passion ?	i have a german shepard , he loves to surf with me .	 that is awesome do you have a favorite type of music ? mine is rock opera genre	i like indie and alternative rock .	 i have a passion to read sci fi space adventures . do you like reading ?	no . i like to work on cars .	 anything else about yourself . i want to know more while i eat gummy bears .	well i live on the coast and i love driving my old stingray down the sea side .	 i would love to do that while listening to two steps from hell .	i have never heard of them , the name sounds interesting .
hi ! how are you doing this evening ?	hello there ! i am a bit busy cooking for my family and friends haha . you ?	 what are you cooking ? i m just relaxing at home after a long day	just some lasagna ! what are some of your hobbies ?	 i love biking , spending time outdoors , and hanging with my girlfriend . what about you ?	i work at a publishing company so i love reading and writing !	 that s a neat job ! do you have any favorite book genres in particular ?	non fiction autobiographies are my favorite !	 very cool ! do you have any favorite foods ?	italian food is my favorite ! how about yourself ?	 i love eating pancakes . they re my favorite breakfast food ever .	haha there is never a wrong time for breakfast food !
 can i read some books to you ?	it depends on the length	 short stories , for halloween	are those stories creepy or not ?	 they are , horror ones , my favorite	sorry , i am not a big fan of horror stories . in fact , i am terrified .	 oh , that is fine i guess . want to go to the lake ?	oh yes i would love to go to the lake .	 my dogs will come also , is that okay too ?	i do not hate dogs but i will be more comfortable without them	 oh , i guess they could stay at home .	thank you for your understanding	 you are most welcome lovely .	what do you like to do on your spare time
 are you interested in high school girls ?	i am more interested in having fun with my family .	 i am a really cute blond . you sure ?	i am quite certain . thanks tho .	 ok well maybe i can hang with your family . pizza night ?	sure ! we can top it with tomatoes from our garden .	 you have a garden ? i am great with plants	garden , chickens goats and all .	 maybe you could hire me for after school to help out ?	we do not really do cash , maybe you would work for fresh eggs ? or goats milk ?	 yes , i would like to eat organic and cruelty free	all creatures should be free .
 hi there i am in high school	hello ! i am an animal lover ! you	 that is cool . i cant wait to graduate and move out	ahahah . i bet ! its not all that fun	 do you have a favorite animal ?	alpacas ! i have 10 of them !	 wow ! do you raise them for money ?	yep ! my husband and i have them on 5 acres !	 neat my dad is very strict we can event get a cat !	that sucks ! i am so sorry !	 its ok my best friend lives on a farm so i can see hers	nice ! its a lot of work having alpacas . they are so needy !
 hello , do you know where to take flying lessons around here ?	have you ever been to tanzania . my best friend lives there and she takes lessons	 no , i have several stamps from there . i am a collector .	that is cool . i collect too , only flip flops . i love wearing them !	 i would love to wear them more , sadly they are banned at work .	that is sad . maybe if you bake them brownies they might be swayed . i love baking brownies .	 i doubt it . i work in the morgue .	i would not do well in a morgue . i like laughing too much	 it is a very solemn environment .	i also love to be outside , although my freckles do not agree .	 have you seen dirty harry ?	i have not seen that . does he have freckles too ?	 no , he does not . it is an old movie .	i see . what else do you enjoy ?	 that is about it , you ?	i like a lot of things , but can not think of much else right now
 hello ! can you tell me something about yourself , such as what your favorite food is ?	i can tell you that i love to work out . you ?	 not really . i get enough of a work out working at a hotel . what are your hobbies ?	i like reading that is why i work for a magazine	 i love to read and usually munch on chicken nuggets when i do . do you like music ?	i like shakira , she has pretty yellow hair . yellow is my favorite .	 i like fine frenzy . do you have pets ? i have dogs and enjoy animals .	i love dogs ! i have 2 and a kitten .	 sounds like we have a lot in common . i think i need to go .	i hope you have a good night .	 thanks ! i hope you have a good night , too . bye !	i think we have to wait a bit longer ?	 i think so , too . well , you are nice to talk to .	what kind of dogs do you have ?
 hello how are you today ?	i am great and you	 doing well just watching the cubs play , do you enjoy baseball ?	not really but i do like arts and to travel	 where is your favorite place to travel ?	no favorites i just like to see the world with my husband	 i like to go for drives in my new corvette	sounds like a great time to be around friends and family road trip	 yes it is a great time for bonding and talk about politics	should talk about art projects i like to do that	 what kind of art projects do you like to do ?	i like to do a lot of stuff especially birds and cars	 enjoy it enough to open your own company to do it for a job ?	yes absolutely its very fun and ease the mind	 to put my mind at ease i work on local political campaigns	its very cold outside i need to turn the heat on
hi ! nice to chat with you . what kinds of things are you interested in ?	i like to eat fish and go swimming . good fit right ?	 ha ! yes ! a water person . i dig it ! i like outside , but also enjoy computer games .	cool . my parents are over six feet tall . is that cool , or what ?	 yes ! are you tall ? i recently graduated from high school , so i am still growing .	i am 5 feet tall . can you jump straight up , out of a pool ?	 that is not a skill i have !	it is very fun . i can tell you that .	 i bet ! maybe i can practice my skills next summer break . are you in college ?	yes i am . what are you studying there ?	 i am a computer science major but also take cooking classes , as i practice vegetarianism .	that sounds fun . do you like it ?	 love it ! what are you majoring in ?	i am majoring in chemistry .	 smarty pants ! i bet mixing up concoctions is very fun , and dangerous ! ha !	i consider myself a democrat ? what about you ?
hey how are you doing	i would be doing a lot better if i had gummy worms .	 yes tell me about it . . . . i love those things	do you read much ?	 yes always . . . . what do you read	i am very passionate about sci fi space adventure novels .	 what do you do for a living	i work in a warehouse . what about you ?	 i am an accountant for the nike company .	wow ! with the money you make you probably never run out of gummy worms !	 ll you should invest in gummy worms stock	i know right ! i cant get enough of that stuff !
 hi please stay on this chat with me only	what do you mean my good sir ?	 i just got a job selling cars in five words tell me about yourself	well , i am about 6 feet tall . i love food	 i like pizza with meat and want meat on everything .	haha i hear that . i love the opera	 i did a painting of an opera scene once . what else do you do ?	i really love classical music . especially when i smoke a joint	 i can not do that because i sell cars .	ha . missing out man . my fav car is a bentley	 i am a chevy kind of guy	i go to paris often . i love the cars in paris	 i have never traveled and see the world threw pictures .	lets go one day , i can show you all the sites in paris
hi what are up to right now ?	sitting on the couch with my black lab , what about you ?	 preparing to play a new video game i just bought . love doing that	nice , i enjoy fishing but weather is not the best right now	 oh yes . you can watch a movie . what is your favorite movie ?	forest gump , i like movies like that haha	 nice movie there . my favorite movie is gone with the wind	really wow , that is a classic	 oh yes . i am classy too that is why i wear a purple hair	way cool ! where do you live , i live in tennessee	 i live in atlanta georgia . i have lived here for ten years	cool we are almost neighbors	 yes . what your favorite color ? red is mine though i wear purple hair	red because i like alabama football	 that makes us have similar interest . great	o yeah , whats your fav color , is it purple ?
 hello . how are you this evening ?	pretty good , my diet is very unhealthy	 why is that ? mine is not either . i love imported beers .	my body mass is think and energetic , i drink a lot of coffee and energy drinks .	 i love beer , but coffee is the drink of the gods . favorite music ?	yeah i am fast runner and run long distance in track and field	 that is cool . i really enjoy working on cars	my dad gave me a cheap car .	 i like classic cars and enjoy lassic rock .	yeah my car is a piece of crap ford . lol	 i have a ford explorer sport . it is crap too .	lol . yay for peace of junk cars p	 haha . yeah , i am a marketing agent with a big company . think i would drive better .	yeah , right ! ! that would be a great thing to do .	 it is boring to be honest . would rather play on stage for a metal band . haha	you ought to go for your dreams and passion .
 good evening , how are you ?	i am good . just got the 2 kids to bed now hanging with my wife	 no kids for me . what do you do for work	i work in healthcare as a physical therapist for a local rehab	 if you are ever looking for a new job , i can help you .	are you a recruiter or something ?	 yes i am . are you looking for a new job ?	no i am very happy right now but thanks anyway	 if you change your mind , i can drive my lease over and discuss your options .	my wife works at a school as a nurse . maybe she will need help	 yes please ask her for me . i want to get people in the best job possible .	i can ask her . my kids do not like that she works at their school	 i can understand that . do you have pets ?	so many pets ! 5 total	 i can take some off your hands , i have none .	we love them but maybe you could take the 2 cats
hi , i am a florist , living in my parents basement , vegetarian , cat love	are you trying to tell me your secrets ?	 nope just a little about me . i enjoy getting to know others .	i enjoy reading til late at night	 what kind of books do you like to read . i am not really a reader .	murder mystery novels mostly . what do you do ?	 mostly work at the flower shop , but in my spare time listen to music .	what kind of music ? i like symphonic	 country mostly , but i have a wide range of genre i like . do you work	no . i am a stay at home child	 any hobbies ? or fav . foods ?	pizza is what mom usually feeds me . if dad lets her	 lol i do not like meat so i am good with cheese pizza	cheese makes me gassy . meat is good	 i was raised vegetarian so guess i really never got to know meat .	she is a tasty one
 hi , 21 , ny , cat , roses and in school . you ?	hello . nice to meet you . i spend a lot of my time at work .	 get out ! me too ! you like roses ? i do .	i like roses , but i like carnations better .	 i see . i am learning to draw at school . you draw ?	i do my best drawings while listening to imagine dragons .	 oh wow ! my cat is named grace . you have pets ?	i have one dog and three children . do you have children ?	 yes . apartments are small in ny . you own or rent ?	fortunately , i own my home in a rural area .	 great ! tomorrow i will be 22 . you married .	happy birthday . yes , i have been married for 15 years . you ?	 thanks . no marriage for me . merna jean is my friend . you live in ny ?	no , i live in pennsylvania .	 hmmm . you sing ? i do . i am an artist .	i sing solo . so low that i hope nobody hears me .
 please tell me i am not here alone . i need someone to talk	you are not alone , i am right here , okay ?	 please me it quick . how many conversation we need to make ?	i believe 7 or 8 of them , why ?	 how much you make per day here ?	i am not to disclose such information , but working hard gets you places here	 just type in more than 5 words and you are fine	yes , that is correct , fellow friend	 do we need to talk in a topic	we can if we choose to , do you have any pets ?	 i have a dog and a cat	i have one poodle and she is a girl	 i think we should be done by next sentence .	maybe , what is your favorite genre of music ?	 i used to love hiphop but now i listen country mostly	i mostly listen to smooth jazz and pop music	 why it take so long for you to reply ? can you reply me quicker ?	it says 8 chat turns are now finished , see , now we are done	 let try to chat for 16 turns	okay , if you say so , my love	 you speak sound like a girl . where are you from ? please reply fast	i am from chicago , where you from	 i am from texas . how old are you ?	i am 16 years old , but i am very mature	 this task is cool . we can have fun and pay	i swear , i love doing this task the most . what is your gender ?	 when i was 16 . i want people think i am mature . i am male	oh , i get that you are not 16 , so how old are you ?	 your age plus ten years .	oh wow , how much have you accomplished so far in life ?	 i think it would be graduated from university	well , that is a great one . i am currently in college already . wish me luck	 it not easy for me since english was not my frist language	i speak 3 languages , how many do you speak ?	 how come 16 years old in college . you must be very smart	yes , i have all as and i really take pride in what i d	 i speak 2 langues . try to learn some spanish	spanish is actually already one of my languages	 what about other language beside spanish and english ?	por favor habla claramente , senor	 it s over 16 turns by now . do you think we get double pay ?	not at all , it depends on how well the dialogue is
 how are you this evening ?	very well , and you ? i am getting ready to watch the sunset . i love it .	 nice ! i generally see the sunset when i am out hinting .	nice ! i love watching it rise , too . i wake up early just to watch it .	 i meant hunting of course . i am not a fan of early rising though .	well , after i watch , i eat breakfast , then it is back in bed !	 oh okay that is a great plan !	i enjoy it . i work a lot , like 60 hours a week , so it is my escape .	 that is a lot of working ! any kids ?	yes it is . no , no kids . how about you ?	 yes girls and boys they keep me busy .	i bet ! maybe i should go out and exercise more with my time off .	 you and i both ! i do play basketball sometimes .	oh yeah ? i play golf .
 welcome to starbucks . may i take your order ?	no thanks . my name is jace and i am a fan of anime	 i forgot i am not at work .	really . . . do you like to go to comic cons because i do .	 no , i would rather dance in my red leotard and tutu .	i only listen to techno music	 i wear red , i drive a red prius , and i prefer to eat red food .	i build drones for a job , in my wardrobe there is a lot of band tees	 any red tees ? can you tell i like red ? lol	yeah my red hot chili pepper tee	 that would be great . mom my used to color my hair red .	to what color was your hair ?	 it is back to blonde now . she is no longer a hairdresser .	yeah , oh wow ok that makes sense .	 it was cheap to have her do it . my coffee shop job does not pay well .	of course might as well pay family members .
 i make unique boats out of bamboo on the weekends . how are you tonight ?	i am fine , how are you ? i have been watching shows on netflix tonight .	 oh not me , i like fishing too much to sit around watching tv .	that is nice ! i spend time hiking , but fishing is a bit too boring for me .	 well i live on a small island so not much else to do here .	what island do you live on ?	 a small island in hawaii . off the coast of maui , its not even on a map .	it must be beautiful there , must be wonderful to spend time outside .	 yes 75 degrees all year long . only 3 families and my dog live here .	i prefer colder weather , so that would not be so good for me .	 i named him bob because his fur looks like a bobcat but he is a dog .	if i had a dog , he would probably eat my parrot .	 once you get used to the weather you will never want to leave .	the nature would be what i would stay for , but not the weather .
 hello . how are you today ?	doing great ! my name is john woods . i live in san diego	 my name is sandy fields and i live in tennessee	i have been to nashville . its great ! my parents just moved to florida	 that is lovely , my husbands parent retired there	i breed maine coons cats and there is a huge convention there next month !	 my kids and i love cats , but their hair gets everywhere	i agree ! it can be pesky ! do you have any other pets ?	 no , thankfully . having two kids and a cat makes it hard enought to clean the house !	i do not have a family yet but hopefully soon . going on a singles cruise in december	 wonderful , i love to travel . my husband and i traveled for mission work before had kids	wow ! is that how you met ?
 hi there how are you doing today	i am good and you ?	 i i just finished working as a waitress	i have never had a job .	 do you like rea ? i love reading	i do , i like romance novels . do you like music ? i love rock .	 my parents do because i live with them	cool , my mom wants me to work with her at apple .	 soccer is my favorite sport how about	i enjoy hockey and nascar myself .	 how about an uber select if you know this	i have never used uber .	 disney movies do you like those	yes i love cinderella ! i have diabetes .	 oh no i better take care of yourself	thanks i try i make sure to follow a good diet .
 hi , do you want to go surfing with me ?	i would love to ! i really enjoy adventures	 i like surfing , but i would rather be in the snow .	snow is fun ! i work as a fitness guru	 i work in a hotel .	oh cool ! i believe god should be first	 that is cool i guess .	how tall are you ? i am 5 foot 3	 i am so tall , 5 foot 8	wow that is tall haha !	 i know . i want to be like robert deniro	haha cool ! i want to be more free spirited	 i think that sounds good .	it is . do you like to travel ?	 no i am saving my money for school .	oh cool ! i never went to school
 hi is there anyone there ?	hey , how are you ? do you have a favorite band ?	 not really . just like good music , old , new . you ?	pink floyd . i love to listen while i run . brick wall is a great album .	 classic . they really knew how to compose and play ! are you older ?	no , my dad taught me good music and good work ethics .	 lol . i liked classic up but their modern stuff not as much .	todays music ai not got the same soul . ll . so what are your dreams ?	 to make money . things are pretty tight right now .	i understand . i am a grill cook but really need another job to reach my dreams .	 was going to breed my pet iguanas but now thinking growing legal pot makes money .	i feel like tiana working my butt off to get my own restaurant . where you from ?	 california . thankfully we only are having fires here and not hurricanes . you ?	safe in tornado alley . ll . ks . is pot legal in ca ? its not here . ll	 its quasi legal . lots of restrictions but for medical purposes you can grow .	good luck . iguanas are cool , but i do not imagine there is much money there .
 hi , names tay , and in the navy	hello tay . nice to meet you . thank you for your service .	 thank you for your support . i am into folk music .	you are very welcome . really ? music is my life . i play music .	 yeah , i was in foster care , and lost my parents to house fire	oh my gosh , i am so sorry . my best friend is in my band .	 that is awesome . i whittle as a hobby	that sounds fun . i like making my music personal , so i write it myself .	 that is nice to do . what kind of music to you make ?	country music . i have been singing since i was five . i have taken lessons since then .	 nice ! ! i hope you make it as your career .	thank you so much ! i would love to . staying home more to practice would be nice !	 yeah it is not easy when certain things in life gets in the way	definitely . life has a way of throwing you curve balls , that is for sure .	 that is true and yet you persevere and make ends meet , right ?	that is right . that is a great attitude to have .
 hey , any plans this weekend ?	not really . i like to stay home a lot but i might go out to eat .	 whats your favorite food ? mine is steak !	me too . i want to go to outback . i love the blooming onion .	 those are delish , when i travel alone i head to the closest outback	do you travel a lot ?	 yeah , mainly because i sleep less than 4 hours a day , how about you ?	no i like to sleep a lot and i work overnights at a factory .	 i am a business man so i am always traveling . have any family ?	no its just me . i had a girlfriend but she broke up with me .	 its just me too , parents have passed and am an only child	i grew up in a big family but i prefer to be alone .
 hi ! i love the color red , do you ?	omg that is my favorite color ! ! my iphone is even red ! do you have an iphone ?	 nice ! i have one as well	do you use the earbuds that come with it ?	 no i do not ! how tall are you ?	me neither ! i prefer headsets . i dunno , short lol 5ft . you ?	 i am very tall 7ft !	wow ! that is tall ! are your parents tall too ?	 no they are midgets . being tall makes it hard to water ski	my parents that i live with are short ! lol do you travel to water ski ?	 no i live near the beach	oh i travel . like a lot . where is your favorite place to eat ?	 cool , i love to eat at italian restaurants	yum ! me too ! anything else i should know about you ?
 hello how are you today	i just got a new job selling cars !	 that is cool . i want to get into publishing	my wife does that she used to be a teacher but the pay sucked .	 i love to write in my free time	well then you would be good at publishing . i paint pictures for fun .	 we could get together i write and you add the pictures lol	sounds good i will bring the pizza ; its my favorite food .	 i love museums they are so fun for me	i just moved not too far from the smithsonian .	 wow that is so cool i would go there all the time	its on my to do list for sure . i want to see the dinosaurs .
 hello there , how is your day going ?	great . just got back from another hiking trip . you ?	 at work in the warehouse toning up my body	i do that by hiking up the appalachian trail , the one i like the most .	 you do realize that the appalachian trail is 2 , 200 miles right	i did not say i did the whole thing . it takes my mind off marketing	 my video game collection takes my mind off things . just throw one in and bang	i strum folk music tunes . that helps too .	 sounds good , are you in school ?	no . i am employed in toy marketing .	 awesome , hopefully my son can get a good job with his perfect grades	my iridescent pink hiking boots make me more successful at marketing toys i think	 that is a very interesting claim	i think children like bright colours .	 that is also a very random thought	maybe but imagination comes from non conventional sources
 hi how are you today	i love my job at the food pantry	 that is a very helpful job to have i am getting ready to leave for college	i am well i had 5 kids the twins passed on	 i am sorry about your twins i bet that was hard to experience	yes it was , me an the hubby have a suicide pact	 you should never resort to suicide your other kids need you	like sunflowers ? i have the tallest grown you will ever see	 i like eating the seeds those are tasty . i am a vegan so i do not eat meat	gotcha , do any reading ? i do i like agatha christie	 since my dad is a mechanic we had mostly car books	lol my dad is a car fanatic also
howdy partner ! how are you today ?	i am good on my way to work	 really ? what do you do ?	traveling salesman and gas station attendant . and you ?	 i work on the ranch here in texas .	that sounds like a fun job	 yeah , except for the recent events . the ranch has a new pond !	i know the hurricane did horrible damage to everything	 were you effected by it ?	hurricane irma got to us as a tropical storm	 yikes ! glad to you are okay !	same here . i hope everyone bounce back from these storms
 hi . how are you this evening ?	i am going to bed soon . like to be well rested	 i should probably be asleep but i took a nap this afternoon .	that is awesome ! glad you are well rested	 i am glad you are glad . have any pets ?	yes , i have a dog . do you ?	 i have a cat . he is a being a jerk right now .	my mother watches my grandmother . i am glad that the dog is there	 so what do you do for fun ?	sorry . cats are funny sometimes	 yeah , i have a laser pointer and i tease him .	i like to see movies	 i have not been to the movie theater in a long time .	have a good night	 you too my good buddy .	nice talking to you
 hey , i am in school to be a dentist . how about you ?	i have been working as a lawyer for 15 years now .	 wow , that is a great profession .	i had to go through tough times in law school .	 it was all worth it though ? i am up late all night	of course ! i am making close to 6 figures now .	 exactly , do you have any hobbies ?	i write a blog critiquing films .	 cool i am into sports , i like the raptors .	i have never been into sports . i would rather hit the books .	 that is cool too . you are very intellectual then .	i would not say very but i am flattered !	 you are a lawyer so i know you have got skills .	you are just too kind person !	 ll that is just my personality . i like to compliment people .	that will get you pretty far in life .
 hi there ! how is it going ?	going good man got some system of a down cranked . love em .	 sod is a good band . ever been to a concert ?	i go to every one i can . trying to get going in a local band .	 similar style to sod ? what do you play ?	mom got me started on piano at 6 but now one of 9 guitars	 i learned guitar at one point . i cannot remember a single chord now	what do you do for a living ?	 i am a writer . i do not currently work for a publishing firm	so you are freelancing now ?	 i just try to live simply until someone likes something i write	kinda same as me . chill out , eat vegan and shred on guitar .	 i could not do the whole vegan thing	its tough but if i touched a burger again my girlfriend would kill me	 a vegan that would kill somebody . i do not believe that	when it comes to killing with vegans it is people before animals
 hey how are you this evening	doing great , just finished eating pizza , are you a morning person ?	 yes . i live a viking lifestyle	nice , i like to roll play so the viking lifestyle would be interesting	 you have to be tough and fearless	i see , interesting . aside from that i do have a passion for cars .	 i like fishing and fine dining	i can enjoy that lifestyle as well , but i am not crazy about animals	 i live in alaska , where are you ?	i live in canada so i am used the cold just as you are .	 awesome . i wonder what it would be like to love elsewhere though	yea , i ponder that as well , i think i might have to move .	 do you have any children ?	no , no children , not married . you ?	 i have a wife and one son	nice little family . any pets ?
 hi there how are you today ?	i am great how are you	 i am good . just eating mac and cheese . it is my favorite .	add some taters and i would too	 same . i like to sit on my couch and watch tv while eating mac and cheese	what is your favorite show	 top gear the car show . my job is to make cars .	what do they do in the show	 they make cars . it is a good line of work . i get paid 30 grand a year	that is a lot of money	 yeah it is , but enough about me . tell me about you .	i like to work outside .	 what kind of work do you like to do ?	i like to work on the house or the yard	 you sound very very handy !	i try to be . i like being busy .
 hi there how are you doing	hey i am doing ok i guess . how are you	 oh i just practice shooting using a bow	that sounds fun . i am trying to move soon i hate this place	 hey how are you what are you up to	i am thinking about where i can move too . what are you doing	 i do remodelling of houses and it is fun	that sounds like hard work .	 it sounds like it and it fine for me	that is good . i am so hard on myself i could never do that	 do you do hunting too like me	no i do not like to do that . i like to watch tv and play games	 how about shopping i do it with only daughter	yeah that is fun at times . i really like it when they have sales	 oh wow great and how s it	the sales are real good sometimes i even get half off what i buy
 hey , how are you doing today ?	i am doing good , how are you doing ?	 good just went out shoe shopping with my mom .	that sounds fun . i just got done playing a game of tennis .	 that is an expensive hobby . the shoes alone are probably more than i make in a week .	it ; s not to bad . i am an accountant so i have some extra to spend .	 do they have good food at the country club ?	they do . my favorite , actually , is their burgers . they are the best .	 i need to try it sometime . as long as its not a fish burger .	oh no , i would not eat it if it was . yuck ! !	 yeah i am really allergic to shellfish .	i just do not like it . we are going to see my favorite musical tomorrow , hamilton .	 that sounds like fun ! where will you go after ?	oh , its going to be great . we will probably have some drinks somewhere .
i graduated from college today . i am so excited .	wow congratulation what are you planing to do	 well i wanted to go overseas and play basketball but i have to have surgery .	i like to go puerto rico and ireland for visiting	 those are both nice places , do you go often ?	no i have never visited them i would like to	 well i hope after they fix my knee i can still play basketball , maybe in ireland .	do you have any pets	 oh yes , cats , dogs and fish . how about you ?	i have a pitbull and bulldog and i adore them	 i like bigger dogs since i am so tall .	i like bigger dogs specially german shepard	 i would get a great dane , but i would not want to clean up that much poop .	i live in country so i get to walk my neighbors dog
hello how are you tonight ?	i am doing great and you ?	 that is good to hear i am well . do you have a favorite book ?	i do not but i love art . do you ?	 my book is anne of green gables . what does your mom and dad do for a living ?	i am not sure really . yours ?	 mom is a teacher and dad is a tax man .	well that sounds like a hoot . hobbies ?	 i once won a pageant but it really was not worth the time . how about you ?	why not worth the time ?	 too my time invested in something trivial . do you have hobbies ?	i just started dating someone so that i guess
 hello ! i have been playing video games since this morning , i am tired	hi how are you doing i am fine oh you must rest later .	 ha ! my parents do not really like it that much	i was born a young man you will be fine they love you .	 i guess you could say that i am lazy i would rather not work	that is okay i do not think i am in great health .	 oh no . i eat fast food most days , not healthy i know	you will be okay . i am to heavy my weight is way to much .	 yeah i could lose some weight for sure	i went to the movie theater and i enjoyed the godfather .	 that is an oldie but goodie	yes l . o . l i enjoy eating candy and drinking soda pop .	 i do like sugary things sad to say	yes can not help it that is why i once weighed over 300 pounds .	 wow glad you have lost weight	yes i am still to heavy though i now weigh 230 but i am okay .
hello , would you like a french fry ? i have plenty .	oh i love french fries ! i eat at home a lot .	 i eat them so much i smell like them now .	do you have any hobbies ?	 i like to shop . i just bought a new sweater .	oh . i enjoy running marathons and watching netflix .	 i only watch marathons , i do not run . i would drop my fries .	oh . it helps me take my mind off things .	 i should have tried on the sweater . it was much too small .	what do you do for a living ?	 nothing . i guess i am a couch potato .	oh , i work for the appliance store my dad owns .	 that is good . then you earn money for french fries .	are you in a relationship ?	 no . they all say i smell too much of french fries .	oh , well that would be a turn off .
 hi how are you doing ?	i am doing great , how are you doing ?	 i am good thanks for asking	where are you from ? i live in california . san fran .	 i live in irvine california	very cool i will have to meet up and buy you a beer	 i love the bay area	yes that is my favorite too ! love lots of spots around there	 what do you do for a living ?	i am a lawyer , what about you ?	 i am a full time student	what are you going to school for ?	 i am studying biology right now	biology was always really tough for me	 i think i want to stick with medicine	that is a good idea a little more interesting
 sup what is your name ? mines is gerald	he whats up my name is sasha , nice too meet you	 i live for basketball what do you like to do	i love poodles , to be more precise	 that is cool i hope to own a green poodle one day . its may fave color	i really like to eat sushi on a blue plate , my fav color .	 we have blue plates at mcdonald now . that is where i work	i love driving to mcdonalds in my car that i own	 cool do you listen to rock music while you drive ? that is my jam	yeah i am a metal chick , rock is a little soft	 that is hardcore i can dig that	dog are my favorite pet animal do you eat meat ?
 hey how are you today ?	i am good . hello . how are you doing today ?	 i am great , just got back from a bike ride , love it , you ?	great . do you like bob marley ?	 i do not but he is not very popular here in texas , do you ride horses ?	i am too afraid to ride them .	 i have 3 myself , do you like tattoos ?	i have plenty of tattoos .	 i kind of want to get a rose tattoo , it is my favorite flower .	that is great . i bet it would look nice .	 it would be for my mom ! what are you up to ?	i am working . do you work at all ?	 i work as a teacher , following in my moms footsteps .	that is good . i think teaching is great .
 hello , how are you ? where do you live ? i am in california .	hi i am mad about work but will be ok how are you	 i am fine . sorry to hear that you are upset , what is bothering you ?	been working at the factory 10 years but my coworker gets promoted	 how long was your coworker working there ?	5 years . if she had been there longer i would have understood it	 did she show more effort than you did ? what kind of work ?	nope but i am not working overtime or anything anymore forget that .	 i am sorry . would you like to talk about another topic ?	what do you do for a living	 i work at a nuclear power plant . what do you make at the factory ?	i make little debbie cakes	 those are yummy ! i also like spaghetti !	spaghetti is great and quick and easy to make	 that may be why i like it ! do you do anything for fun ?	i like to play videogames
 i just started living in florida and here comes hurricane irma .	i teach kindergarten , showing about hurricanes in a fun way	 nothing fun about this one , ll .	no its not just teaching the kids	 i try to relax by listening to jason mraz and reading the twilight book series ; my favorite .	cool , i enjoy music from the 80s	 80s is good music . did you ever the grasshopper ?	no , my fav group is the pretenders	 i want to try grasshopper someday , and i have listened to the pretenders .	cool cool , do you have any pets ?	 no pets , i am a surfer , like surfing when the tide is low . do you have pets ?	nice , i have a puppy named tiki
 i am having a rough day . bad reaction to peanuts . you ?	shoot sorry to hear that . i am remodeling my house right now .	 make sure to put a line out to dry your clothes . its the only way to go	yah good advice . i am also decorating for halloween now . is it too early ?	 not at all . i just did an article about halloween tanks on my blog	oh cool . do you by any chance know any article about bow and hunting ?	 no sorry . i can recommend some good ones for aspiring ferret owners though	i think i saw a ferret while shopping with my daughter last week in the mall .	 was it loose or something ?	it was running around the mall , i thought it was a huge rat .	 that sounds like the most magical moment of your life	ahahah good lord that will be so sad . well nice talking to you . time is up	 i love baseball . ok bye	ops time was not up . glad to know you love baseball .
hi , please tell me that i am chatting with justin seiber . he is my fave .	nope sorry ! just a college librarian .	 i have two sons that are simply beautiful any kids ?	i have 3 kids . i also have 2 cats who are like having extra kids !	 i am allergic to cats . i do love go horseback riding in my free time though .	i adore horses . in my spare time i like to read comic books .	 i read those sometimes when my family and i go camping once a month .	i went camping at yosemite last year . ever been there ?	 yes i loved it . we stayed in yosemite lodge . so beautiful there .	oh me too ! what do you do for a living ?	 i sell domain names and take care of my kids . you ?	college librarian and part time weekend cashier .
 hi	his	 whats new ?	nothing much . . . my life is boring	 i am sorry to hear that . but you can always change that .	not really . i am on liability	 oh , i am sorry .	i babysit for my neighbor	 do you like to read ?	yes when i can	 i prefer reading to a lot of things . especially sports .	what do you do for a living ?	 not sure .	? ?	 what about you ?	you do not know what you do ?
 according to this my go to show is rick and morty , that is true in rl	hi i am nick , i like that show too	 i am madison . nice , i also do not enjoy pickles unfortunately	too bad , i like pickles , it contrasts nicely with my red hair .	 oh snap ! i am a ginger too ! ! !	nice ! do you also have a scooter ? ?	 no i am to busy writing a book .	too bad , i like to ride mine with all my friends	 i could call you sometime to hang but i have an iphone so it might not work .	it might one of my many friends may have one to call	 they are bad phones , mine is black because i love that color .	nice . black is good . what else do you like ?	 according to this not much lol , you ?	yeah , i am pretty basic	 are not we all , i strive not to be but fail to often .	as long as i have got my scooter , i am a happy nick
hello ! how are you doing tonight ?	i am fine , just walked along the beach	 oh i am jealous ! the beach is my favorite place to be ! ! !	yeah it is nice to walk at night with my dog	 i wish i was there . i am stuck at work making pizzas .	i love pizza , my favorite is pepporri	 mine too ! it would taste better on the beach though	with some wine , yes it would	 yes ! i am still in college and underage though ;	i am in my ultimo year of grad school	 congrats ! i have two more years in business school	that is cool , , also and do you work now	 just at the pizza place . i throw the dough for tips ! !	that is funny , , have it fell on the floor	 lots ! ! i almost got fired when it fell on a lady head 0	i wish i could make pizza ,
 hi , how are you today ?	not so bad . how about yourself ?	 very well . just cooking dinner , so that makes me happy .	yum . what are you cooking ?	 lasagna for my room mates . i have two . do you live alone ?	i live in a dorm at nyu with a roommate .	 you are a student ? did you get stuck on the first floor ?	yup , going to school for photography , i love it ! second floor actually	 i am looking for someone to take pictures of my dogs .	cool , how many dogs do you have ?	 just 2 , plenty for living on the third floor . do you have pets ?	no pets . two brothers so our house was always plenty full .	 i imagine . must be a circus . i am afraid of clowns .	clowns are scary , i totally get that !	 one of my room mates picks on me . the other room mate agrees .	both my brothers are older than me , so they would pick on me all the time
 hello there my name is kat	hi there how is your night going ? just finished watching a hockey game here .	 it is going okay so far	doing anything fun tonight ? i am gonna go enjoy the weather and rollerblade .	 not really just watching my daughter	same here . school night . what do you do work work ?	 i work at a zoo	oh cool ! i work as a nutritionist , so i do not eat any sugar .	 i tried limiting my sugar intake but it never works for me	i know it is hard . it is in everything . but a balanced diet in important .	 i know , i really need to get on one	working at the zoo you are very active i am sure . a good diet would compliment that .	 probably so one day i will make one	what is your favorite animal to take care of at the zoo ?
 hi how are you today	hello how are you doing tonight , just took a shower singing away	 i am good do you work	yes , am a doctor , looking for cures	 you should cure sleepy heads	the common cold , , may of found the cure	 give me some of that everyone is sick	yes , if you live in new york ,	 what movies do you like	i love action pack movies and you	 mine is django unchained it rules	never heard of that but sounds good	 its a quintes tarantino movie . has jamie fox in it	i have a tv in the shower , i will not sing and watch the movie	 that does not seem very safe	not in the shower silly but in my bathroom . . .
 hello , how are you doing today ?	hello , just fine what about you ?	 i am good . what are you up to today ?	going to visit some friends later	 nice i am probably gonna head to the mall in a bit .	good i have 5 children what about you ?	 i do not have any kids . i have a big family six siblings .	i have a big family too . 12 siblings . do you love singing ?	 not in public but , if i were in the shower then yes .	ok that nice i also sing in the shower .	 whats your favorite color ? mine is blue .	funny my favorite color is blue also .
 hello , how are you this morning ? are you wearing purple ?	oh , my ! not yet ! i must have purple somewhere among my thousand shoes !	 awesome ! i am saving up for a purple charger !	i am so broke from all my shopping . whatchy eating ?	 i had a bacon , egg and fontina cheese frittata . it was very delish .	today taco bell for loaded burritos , then papa johns for a pizza .	 you sound like you do not have any kids , neither do i .	nope , too busy . always dancing ! i would be fat as a hog if i did not .	 the park is next door , i can lace up my purple nikes and go for a run	were you sad when prince died ?	 absolutely , i have loved him since i was a child .	just wondered , ya know , purple rain and all . . .	 actually , my favorite of his is little red corvette .	fast cars , yeah ! i always loved his costumes . and what a dancer !	 his voice was pleasing too . take away all the editing and many cannot sing	yup . there is a museum now at paisley park , i hear .
 hello . how are you doing ?	systemed cant count	 what are you trying to count ?	it says no more than 15 words	 so , what are you doing right now ?	working on a reverse tesla coil	 oh wow ok . i am trying to find the next concert that i am going to	well catch the stones before they cash out	 yeah that is a good idea !	come up with the good ones !	 where do you live ? you have alot of concerts there ?	lotta small shows and stuff	 oh yeah i am in pittsburgh so we have some good shows	up mi . lotsa home town talent . rock on ! pilgrim !
hello ! i like movies . what is your favorite movie ?	i watch all movies instead of doing my homework .	 homework is important , but i love the movie pretty woman .	pretty woman was something else , gave me bad luck with women .	 i am sorry to hear that . what do you enjoy doing ?	i just daydream about flying and stuff .	 flying is cool ! reading is my thing . do you have a cell phone ?	yes i spend all day on my cell instead of being motivated .	 i happen to have two phones that are smartphones , so i can relate .	that would not help with my slacking problem .	 very true ! what about food . what kind do you like ?	i like tacos and pizza	 not for me . i happen to be a vegan .	well that explains a lot .
 hello is karma something you think about ?	no not at all because i am adopted and i do not feel love at all	 i read about that once	when did you read it ? i do have a horse and i am the only child	 dating , i have never done it	why ? if you want i will leave on my accounting firm to date you .	 sure , what is your favorite color ?	black you should date a guy like me i will love you long time .	 i love red , reminds me of summer time .	red is like my love for you pure of blood	 i really like waffles too	yes i know that but tell me would you be in love with me ?	 i make hot dogs for a living .	ok just answer me if you will accept my love for you ?	 i like to adopt pets	this is non sense you are not answering me
hello there ! how are you ?	great , taking a break from trying to design a dress to wear to a wedding	 you design dresses . that is cool . my 18 year old loves weddings	yes , i love to go shopping and get new ideas on what i want to design	 do you get any inspiration from animals ?	sometimes , i like to look at the patterns in thier coat	 interesting . i volunteer sometimes at our local animal shelter	i do love cats , in fact mine was just sitting by me on my computer desk	 haha . they do love to be the center of attention .	yes ! i live in ny and study design how about you ?	 i am just a regular old mom	well there is nothing wrong with that i have one daughter
 man i love this sushi	i hunt and love sushi . children ?	 i do not have any yet	hmmm . i daughter and 1 dog . pets ?	 i have two birds and a dog	oh okay . i flip houses for a living . you sing ?	 no but i like to make food	really ? john and wayne are my hunting dogs names . you hunt ?	 i do not . i love to shop	my daughter hunts and shops for bargains . you shoot a bow ?	 i would like to learn	oh okay . you paint or draw ?	 no . i like to cook .	hmmm . merna is my daughter . . . you teach cooking ?
 hi how are you tonight	hello , i am fine . just got off work .	 i have a nice yard	that is exquisite . what have you done to your yard ?	 well i work with art so i do a lot	me as well . i work with art conceptually and digitally , to an extent .	 i have a couple kids and a husband so i am busy	ah , yes . i love my husband . he is my favorite author , you know	 really who is he anyone i would know	possibly . his name is stephen king , you know	 wow yeah i love his work so your whole family writes	yes ! even my twins love to pen short stories . where do you live ?	 i am in ohio right now but i go all over the world	how extravagant ! what allows you to travel ?	 i just do it because i get board	yes , do not we all . do you enjoy anything else ?
hey i have a great construction job , are you looking for work ?	no thanks , i make pretty good money when i babysit	 oh you babysit ? what do you do for fun ? any reading ?	i have not really had time for fun lately , my wedding is coming up soon .	 how romantic . i read a lot of romance books . what are the wedding plans ?	we are traditional , so just at the church . but , i am excited for my cake .	 in the miliary when i wed , so justice of the peace . what flavor cake ?	i am thinking chocolate , i love sweets . my car is even candy painted .	 my face looks like it has skittles all over it , lots of freckles . like your car .	haha . yeah i get freckles when i open the top of my mercedes and drive .	 i got mine when i did some construction work last year .	i bet . luckily , i stay inside most of the time while babysitting .	 you need some sun for vitamin d , so do the kids you babysit	well we do go for ice cream at the park on some days .	 that sounds good . i just bought an ice cream machine .	really ? do you like it . that sounds like something i should invest in .
 hello , do you have any siblings ?	no i am the only one , do you ?	 yes , four of them , but i am the oldest .	that is pretty cool , what you do for living	 i will probably go into teaching , as my father teaches middle school . you ?	nice , i am a baker , i am ready to retire , how old are you	 well , my youngest sibling is in first grade , if that gives you an idea .	o wow , haha you are very young	 yes i am . how tall are you ?	i am 511 haha , you	 i am 53 , so everyone in my family is taller than i am .	wow that is cool though , are you in highschool	 yes i am . did you go to college ?	yes i did long time ago , what you want to do as career	 probably teach , since teaching is in my family . what do you bake ?	bread , we are the bread family haha , teaching is awesome
hey what s up with you ?	just laying outside looking at the stars . you ?	 that sounds nice . i am practicing singing	sounds interesting . are you in college ?	 yes , a freshman . how about you ?	me too , i am always late for class	 haha , i am always early . especially for my music classes .	if i had a porsche maybe i would be on time	 oh i think we all wish we had a nice car .	its late here i am getting tired	 where are you ? i m in texas .	i am also i am texas . i live alone with my dog	 so lonely . i live with my husband and 4 kids .	that is alot of kids how do you do it
hello . wanna go to mcdonalds ?	no i would rather read to my twins	 i need to have supper . need to choose where to get take out .	i need to finish the digital illustrations i am working on .	 great . does any of your work make it into video games ? i love video games .	i am hoping to publish an illustrated version of a stephen king novel . my fav author	 i do not want to work . i am fine living with mom dad .	my husband writes books about our twins . i hope they stay forever too .	 that would be great . i could babysit them and play video games with them .	i hope they develop a love of reading as that is my favourite hobby .	 i mean not after they are grown up ! they will not need a babysitter then ! lol	no . they still need a babysitter now though . i guess they could play video games .	 that is all i do . and eat take out .	well you should probably find a way to turn your video addiction into a profession .	 ugh , that would be a job .	well that would be fun would it not ?
 hello , how are you doing ?	i am good thanks for asking	 good to hear . i just got done shopping ! love the shops here in ny .	what do you do for a living ?	 i am actually studying law right now , what about you ?	i help design buildings for client	 awesome , sounds very creative lol .	do you have any pets ?	 yes , i have 2 cats and a bird . do you ?	i have three puppies now	 oh that is cute .	what city are you from new york city ?	 i live in manhattan , very busy but i love it . you ?	i live in southern california
hi	hello there !	 what are your hobbies	i love to read books . you ?	 i do but i spend most of my time on my boat	any allergies ?	 no thankfully you ?	i am allergic to all nuts . makes eating in the cafeteria difficult .	 oh wow that sounds like a pain	college is a pain . what do you do ?	 i live on the ocean so my life is pretty great right now	do you surf ?	 no i am not very good you ?	no . i wish as well . i am not very athletic .	 that is ok what do you like to do	not eat nuts and read lol
hi how are you doing ?	i am ok . just hangin out watching game of thrones . show is awesome	 oh i love that show	its awesome right ? whats your favorite color ?	 i would have to say black	black is a good one . mine is blue . do you eat out a lot ?	 yes i do since i work all day	yea i understand that . nothing like a home cooked meal though	 what do you do for a living ?	i am a producer . mainly pop music . i love it !	 what city are you from ?	i live in new york city actually	 i am in california . ever been ?	yes i love the west coast . very pretty out there
 hi . . how are you doing . .	hey . i am good for the night . how are you ?	 good . . on a break today from work	oh nice ! where do you work ?	 i drive my own truck	oh wonderful ! is it fun ? i just work for delta right now .	 its fun sometimes . . boring sometimes	i bet . maybe we could win the lottery someday . dream come true !	 hope so buddy . . how is ur work ?	its work what can i say . i just like driving my mustang gt to work .	 lol . . that is a good way of saying	yes , i love to listen to gr on the way . do you like rock music too ?	 i am big fan of elvis	oh nice ! i grew up on him . even tried some of his food combinations .
how are you doing today	been better . sucks being stuck in a hospital bed !	 why are you in the hospital	i do stunts and post them on social media . this stunt broke my leg .	 what kind of stunt was it	i play tony hawk 3 , and tried to mimic a back flip . did not work !	 at least you did not break your back	true . so i am stuck here . . . wish i could see rufus . how are you ?	 who is rufus ? i am good .	rufus is my dog ! love when he visits . do you have a dog ?	 i do not . i like to hike and be outside .	whats your favourite hiking spot ?	 i like to go to the mountains	fresh air up there . do you hike alone ?	 never . that is not safe .	you are right . could get hurt like me ! what else do you like doing ?
 hey . what is going on with you tonight ?	hi ! not much , eating pizza which is my favorite food . you ?	 i am working on some school papers .	been a while since i have been in school . i have been a waiter at a restaurant	 i go to union college , my goal is to be a teacher .	nice ! one of my goals was to be a cop because my dad was	 mom , dad , brother and i are from syracuse . how about you ?	i am from california . i go cycling in san francisco every so often	 cycling , great . i am more of a fan of watching the bills with the family .	that sounds nice . i hope to have a family of my own someday . i am still single	 me too . that will make it easy when i go to study english in spain .	oh wow . would you teach in spain too ?	 i have to think about that . i would miss using my season tickets to see the bills .	that is a good point . if i went to spain i would still look for some pizza	 oh i absolutely love pizza , so i can relate .	awesome ! pizza party for everyone
 hello . how are you doing today ?	i am great you ? just watching some wwe	 alright . my two daughters love that show .	i have no kids i work at a lawyers office	 is it fun ? i am an english teacher .	better than working at my parents grocery store	 that must have been tough .	ll not really just boring	 my dream is to be a writer one day .	i dream about cafes in paris	 we should go there together one day .	morsure ! would love to do that	 get ready for the plane ride though . i love telling stories .	its not so bad like 5 6 hour flight
 hi there , how are you doing ?	i just got a job making vegan cakes !	 mmm , sounds good . how tall are you ? i am of .	what ? you are gross . you probably eat meat .	 why do you say that i am gross ? ll .	whatever . you know . the internet is so fascinating . you are boring .	 okay ? but yeah , i do eat meat .	i love country , but everyone that listens to it eats meat . blah	 haha . whats your spirit animal ? mines a tiger .	brontosaurus . you are not a tiger . you are a salamander .	 cool . why do you say that ? because i am a red head ?	no . ink . why do you ask so many questions . mr . thomas is dumb .
 hi there , how are you ?	hii i am good . how are you doing ?	 i am a female . i just recently celebrated my 43rd birthday .	oh ok i work in pizza shop . i turned 21	 i really enjoy going traveling !	i too i love travelling i love to go london . you ?	 same ! i finally completed my two full sleeve tattoos a few days ago !	oh that is really nice . do you like pizza ?	 i love pizza ! i recently cut my hair really short and dyed it all pink .	oh ! ok . what is your favourite dish ?	 i really love round dishes .	i love animals ! i have one dog .	 i love dogs , they are so adorable !	ok where are you from ?	 i am from california usa what about you ?	i am from dubai . are you love music ?
 hello how are you doing ?	i am doing great . you should congratulate me .	 congrats ! what are we celebrating ?	i just got accepted at uc santa cruz .	 that is amazing . i have already graduated with an accounting degree	oh wow . i will be studying computer science . do you like it ?	 yes , but my real passion is music . i play gigs at night	my real passion is animal rights . are you familiar with vegetarianism	 yes , i love animals , i even has a pet fish in my pong .	i do not like fish so much . you can not have a bond with a fish .	 i also am in to gardening , i am currently learning how to do that .	oh wow , i did some gardening to do some extra money last summer .	 nice ! i make extra money playing gigs after my day job .	is it enough to support yourself ?	 it helps , but most my income comes from being an accountant .	but music is fun but not enough money in it unless you make it big .
 hey there i like black shirts .	hey there i like to sing song while showering .	 one of my purses is black too . do you sing rock music ?	no i am shy so i never got into that .	 rock is the best , especially guns and roses . what do you sing ?	i see . i do not sing , i never drank alcohol and i am content with life .	 you are sweet . i know someone who has never drank too .	i am not sweet i am sower . my dog is my bff . do you have one ?	 i have a yellow lab . what kind is yours ?	i see . i have a german shepherd . do you play any video games ?	 no . do you play them ?	i do , i would rather do that than do other things .	 that is cool . i listen to music constantly .	i think everyone does that . what do you eat ?	 i love pizza . how about you ?	i do not really enjoy pizza . i enjoy salads . and other healthy choices .
 hello how are you today	hey there i am great . you ? you know animals are the best companion .	 yes i work at the animal shelter	nice . what is your favorite color ? shades of green are the best to me .	 mine is pink and married for alot of years	i am not married . a singing career is what i am shooting for .	 i enjoy traveling around and animals	do you ever play tennis ? it is a fun sport .	 i do not i like to see different things traveling	best place you have been ? my dad is retired from ge . he made the bucks .	 new york city and they have an awesome zoo .	never been to that zoo but i love the san diego zoo .
hello . unfortunately , i am a man that is deaf .	hello there how are you ok	 good . for fun i scratch my nose and 7 is the best number .	ya of coarse 7 is a lucky number why did you scratch your nose	 i never , sadly , learned the ways of driving .	do what i do , just walk . i like to walk my dog	 i do not know , scratching your nose is fun . try it .	ok , its painful . i live in los angeles	 i am sorry it caused you pain . do you like los angeles ?	yes is much better than here	 if i knew how to drive , i would visit .	ok when did you become deaf	 i was just born this way .	so how are are you typing	 just because you are deaf does not mean you cannot type lol	i know but did you have to take a class a special class to type
hello . how are you this evening ?	i am alright . just winding down after a hectic night . you ?	 hectic ? what were you doing ? do you like to party ?	my mother just arrived from saudi arabia to live with my family . daughters are upset .	 wow . saudi arabia . was she living in dubai ?	outside of dubai . my daughters say i am a good mom but hate sharing a room .	 neat . i want to visit one day . are you a good mother ?	it is a beautiful city . and , i try to be . . . just cannot afford a bigger house atm .	 it sounds like you live in a studio apartment . i am a musician .	2 bedroom house with 4 people now . what kind of music ?	 i play unconventional instruments . i make noise music . freaky folk punk stuff .	that does sound quite interesting	 i get bored and just start jamming . do you have a favorite band ?	i have always been partial to the cramps and the reverend horton heat . yourself ?	 i like girl talk and dan deacon and the beach boys .	out of those , i know who the beach boys are .
hi how are you	hey there ! great ! you ?	 i am good thanks ! what hobbies do you have ?	i love music !	 no way i am pursuing a degree in music	that is fantastic ! what kind of music ?	 i play a few instruments ! i really want to be able to paly music for a living	if you need help , i also give string instruments lessons !	 thanks for the tip !	i play several instruments . what is your favorite music genre ?	 probably rock and blues	good luck with your studies , and if you need help , let me know !
 hi how are you today ?	good ! i just ate a bunch of green apples . my favorite . how are you ?	 what other fruits do you like ?	pears , raisins . i like most fruits .	 that is good i love apples and grapes strawberries and watermelon too .	i really do not like meat tho .	 really i love meat does your diet consist of veggies ?	yes . i also eat a lot of fruit . apples . even with the skin on them .	 the skin is good has lots of the vitamins and minerals	this is true . so , what do you do for work ?	 i work in a daycare center with the babies what do you do for work ?	i manage a small it department .	 that is good is it stressful ?	at times it can be . most of the time everything flows well .
 hi , how are you today ?	i am great , getting ready for work . how are you ?	 wonderful . just visiting the mountains .	i love the mountains . rockies or smokies ?	 appalachian mountains actually . what do you do for work ?	i am a waitress at hooters	 i like their deep fried pickles . but very unhealthy .	oh yeah , we do not have many healthy options there lol	 i work as a surgeon . so i try to stay healthy .	oh wow , i love watching greys anatomy with my daughter	 that is a good show , . i have not watched since a main character died .	mcdreamy ? i miss him so much	 yes , i am watching supernatural now though .	i am usually doing school work online , hard to find time to watch tv	 yeah i have the tv when my children are at school .	nothing better than peace and quiet while the kids are at school
how are you this fine evening ?	well i am doing quite lovely . just wishing i could goto a justin bieber concert .	 oh you have the bieber fever do you ?	yes ! ! ! ! i often wish i could quit my job and just follow him around ! !	 lol , what kind of work do you do ?	i am a professional wedding photographer	 cool fall is a great time of year for pictures here in new york .	yea , i love watching the leaves change color . what do you do ?	 i am a grad student . hoping to get into law school next year .	cool ! i have 5 pairs of the same pants	 really ? you must really hate doing laundry ! lol	i hate choosing what to wear ! !	 so where are you from ?	i live in colorado . i was born in arizona	 have you ever been to ny ?	yes , i was just there for vacation . such a busy place . never knew people honked so much
 hey . will you read me a bedtime story like mother used to ?	hi , i love horror films . how about you ?	 i like watching them on my iphone 7	i love horror movies ! my favorit is the steven king movies !	 oh dad worked long hours like 11 a day so we never watched many	yeah after he got his by a car in the early 80s books never been as good .	 wow . well this weather is getting cold like winter i need some hot chocolate	hopefully everyone does not forget to bring in their animals during these seasons .	 yes . except all the sea creatures i am terribly allergic to food of the sea	yeah you mentioned that . sorry to here !	 i will kill them all	wow good luck with that ! do not eat that more .	 so how are you friend	i am good . where do you live ?	 in tennessee how about you	are you chinese ? from wisconsin ! its starting to get cold .
 i think i sprained my ankle hiking with my brother	oh no ! go to the doctor .	 i am , to get back on my feet soon for another hike before the season is over	that is good . do you listen to rock music ? i like it .	 i suppose so . i have worked on some rock concerts before .	awesome ! guns and roses is my favorite .	 what else do you like ?	i like being gothic . everything i wear is black . my purse and even my car is black .	 you would probably think its cool that i was born . . . under a blood moon then	totally . people look at me like i am weird though .	 weird is good . i do some weird stuff , too	i know right . i believe that everyone does weird things .	 heck , even my work is weird .	yes . my work is definitely weird . i just live a weird life . lol .	 what do you do for work ?	i get paid like 5 a day to test things .	 oh , i just work odd jobs here and there	yes . i definitely know what you mean .
 hi how are you today	hi . i am great . i had to kill my dinner tonight before i could eat it .	 and what did you kill then	just a deer . do you like deer ? i hunt at night .	 i like bambi you just made me cry	i gotta eat . who is bambi ?	 the disney deer you fool	i do not watch tv , no need to be rude .	 oh do you like music then	i like being outside and in the woods .	 that does sound nice do you quilt	no , i do not . i make knives and arrowheads .	 nice i love knives let me have	i do not think you are worthy of one of my knives , you can be mean .
 how are you doing today ?	i am doing well . how are you ?	 i am doing good waiting on my pizza to be delivered .	lol . . . that is about all we eat in the dorm	 it is my favorite thing to eat too	how do you feel about music ?	 i like a lot of old music . i love the beatles	i am more into music i can dance to	 do you have any siblings ?	no , i grew up alone until i got my dog socks	 i have a lot of sisters it is exhausting ! !	how many is a lot ?	 a total of 8 brothers and sisters	wow ! i can not even count that high ! p
so tell me a little bit about yourself .	my name is susan and my dream is to become a famous actress .	 i am too shy to be an actor myself . i do like cosplay though .	well , that is acting in a sense .	 i get it from reading a lot of comics and watching anime .	do you like animals ? i love zebras .	 i am an animal person too . what do you like about zebras ?	the amazing color patterns and their gentleness .	 i like to draw my own comics . maybe i could draw a cartoon zebra for you .	that would be very nice of you . you sound talented .	 my drawing skills are not great yet , but i am trying to get better .	practice makes perfect . do you have any outdoor hobbies ? sports ?	 i like to run a couple days a week . what about you ?	i love to hike in the woods . i love nature . i hate the beach though .	 you hate the beach ? why is that ?	too crowded , and i do not find swimming in salt water enjoyable .
hi , how are you doing today ?	i am doing well . i am perusing my law degree . and you ?	 sounds hard work ! i am starting an internship next week	cool . yeah , i attended college once already . never finished though .	 these things happen ! good you are giving it a go though	yeah , being the youngest of 3 siblings i have to stand out .	 i know that feeling . my internship is at a construction site .	interesting . i am not good at manual work . i do play tennis though	 i have not played tennis in forever . what kind of moves do you like ?	too many to name . what about you ?	 i really like action and adventures ones . but think i like popcorn the best	i love popcorn . used to stop after school in chicago . they had the best .	 i am jealous ! what else are you into ?	should not be . you could take a trip to chicago . i like traveling .	 i love travelling ! i am a theme park nut and love visiting new ones	that is exciting . i have only been a couple times .
 how is your day going ?	very well . how are you ?	 not bad just got done teaching my last class for the day	so you are a teacher ? that is cool .	 yes and i coach volley ball what do you do for work ?	i get to pilot planes .	 that is cool do you have hobbies ? i do crosswords and crochet	yes , i sew , cross stitch and sometimes crochet .	 we have that in common do you like apples ? i am allergic	i am sorry ! i do like apples but i cannot eat them .	 i am not suppose to but i still do . do you like karaoke ? i sing alot	yes ! i love to sing . what genre do you like to sing ?	 i try to do 90s pop	i sing 80s and earlier country and 80s rock .
 hi . i am carl . what are you doing ?	hi carl . i am listening to the beatles which is my favorite band . and you ?	 i love the beatles . what song ? i am reading .	she love you . what are you reading ?	 a book about the building of the great wall in china .	sounds interesting . do you live with your parents ?	 no , just my dog alfred . he like when i play some tunes on the old piano .	i have a studio apartment and work as a paramedic .	 i needed a paramedic once when i threw my arm out at the big game .	i am actually going to school as i want to be a nurse .	 my teammates wife is a nurse , we play baseball here in new york .	what position do you play ?	 pitcher , i can throw a mean fastball . i can also play ragtime piano .	i love ragtime . all three of my sisters like it , too .	 are you the youngest of four ? i like green , do you ?	the oldest . blue is my favorite color .
 hello , i am eating pizza and watching the nationals . what are you up to ?	oh nothing much just watching tv	 you watching sports ? i love all basketball more than football .	what do you do for a living ?	 i work for the epa . what do you do ?	i work for a software company	 do you code or something else ?	yes i guess you can say that	 cool ! what is your favorite team ? mine is the nationals .	i like the sea hawks	 nice , what is your favorite food ? i could eat pizza every day .	i would have to say lobster
hello , tell me something you do not like about yourself ?	my height . i wish i was taller .	 i feel you . i wish i was a baller but my feet stink .	oh . do you have any hobbies ?	 i am all about that money and my mom used to lifts weights professionally .	oh . i like to sing and watch basketball .	 do you have hair ? i am blonde .	yes , blond hair and blue eyes .	 my my . what is your most favorite song ?	i do not really have a favorite . you ?	 i do not have a favorite anything . but , since you asked , lady humps .	do you have any kids ?	 no , i am a teacher if that counts . i love them dearly .	i do not have any kids either .
 hello how are you today ?	i am doing good . just sat here enjoying some mac and cheese . its my favorite .	 sounds good . what do you do for a living ?	i am a ballerina and i love it , how about you ?	 i work from home as a editor .	so you spend a lot of time on computers ? you like playing video games ?	 yes i stay at home most of the time . it is my get away .	video games are my getaway too . odd for someone who loves ballet .	 i would say so . lol ! i play games with my brother . i still live at home .	do you have a favorite color ?	 yes black . how about you ?	purple . black and purple go together well .	 i guess so . that is a fitting color for a ballet dancer .	yep , unlike the video games . haha
 what are you plans for the day ?	probably watch football its too cold out to do anything . you ?	 it is still warm here . i might go out and train my horses today	cool i miss the beach i visited one in cali this year	 i would love to go on the beach , and write about my experience there	whats you favorite color mine is blue	 mine is brown , like the color of my horses	what do you do for work ? i work at walmart and an ice cream shop	 i do training for horse . i absolutely love what i do	did you go to college ? i am enrolled now	 no i did not . my horrible parents did not pay for it	oh i am sorry . did you ever get married ? i kind of regret getting married	 no i did not . i wish i had someone i belonged to	its ok sometimes but i think i rushed into it	 what do you not like about your spouse ?	its hard being around someone all the time it gets very annoying
 how are you , i want to buy a car	i am well . i want to buy a dragon	 i want to drive my self to work in a nice car	where do you w o r k ?	 i work in new york city 10 miles away from were i stay	new york has the best nachos . i love them	 love them too bu the traffic at times annoys me	oh i know , maybe ride the train sometimes	 waiting for the train can also be nagging	true but it beats sitting in traffic	 its station is a bit far from my home	oh , do you have any hobbies ?	 my hobbies are playing basket ball and checkers	i like basketball too and playing video games
 hey , what do you do ? i am raise pigs for living .	that is pretty interesting i am into fashion	 oh wow that is nice . i do not like animals though . and you ?	not a big animal fan myself . do you have a car ?	 no . yes . it is a must have because i live in a farm . and you ?	i have a red car . i am actually pretty into the color red	 nice . do you live in the city . i desire to live there .	i do its super fun what city do you want to live in ?	 san francisco . i do not eat meats and there are many vegetarians there . you ?	i am trying to stick to a healthy diet	 do you have any allergies to food . i am allergic to eggs .	fortunately i do not . what are your hobbies	 i like to raise tomatoes and vegetables . i do not like animals . you ?	haha those are funny hobbies
 hi . how are you doing today ?	i am doing fine , looking forward to learning a bit about you !	 do you like geology or art	not particularly , i do like good wine though , do you ?	 i like wine sometimes . what is your favorite ?	i will try anything expensive . . . i have to use up my grandmas money somehow ! ;	 did she leave it to you or something	yes . after losing a diamond ring she gave me i am surprised she did though .	 that was very nice that she did that .	i mostly play with my french bulldog , get my nails done . do you work ?	 i do . i own an art studio .	are you a artist yourself ?	 i am . i am not the best though .	art is so subjective , how can you be sure your not ?	 it is a matter of opinion i supposes .	yes , some art looks like my dog did it people pay money for it ! ; p
 hello , how are you doing ?	i am doing well , thank you . how are you ?	 i am great ! where are you from ?	i am originally from spain , but i moved to canada after i got married . you ?	 i am from california but i live in the suburbs of san francisco .	do you have any kids ?	 yes , i have three kids . do you have any kids ?	i do ! five children in fact .	 oh i bet their a handful but also very enjoyable .	yes . what do you do for a living ?	 i am a english teacher . what about you ?	i am a veterinarian , i love helping animals .
 hi how are you today	i am good . what about you ?	 i am good do you work	yeah , i work at a real estate company .	 nice are you happy then ?	i am . do you have any hobbies ? i run .	 i want to be happy with me someday	i also love hanging out with my family .	 great . can i tell you something ?	sure , tell me . i drive a chevy , what about you ?	 i do not have a car	oh . how do you get around ?	 ask my girlfriend . but we may break up	oh , why is that ? i am sorry .
 hey good morning , lets make this quick gotta run .	ok , got a date ? or late to work ?	 workout session , got new yellow gear i am geeked	wow , i envy you . i am stuck to my bed .	 why are you stuck in bed ? i work the workout colum for my magazine .	i had a motorcycle accident and broke both my legs .	 org i am sorry to hear that ! play video games ?	you bet ! not much else you can do lying down . i also work from home .	 i do sometimes but i play also online halo a lot !	actually , i spend more time on facebook . i have over 1000 friends .	 its cool i rather read .	there is a lot of reading you can do on facebook , if you like a lot of things .	 ll , nah its not my style .	any other hobbies ? do you work or go to school ?
 hello ! hows the weather out there ?	the weather is beautiful here in california . how about for you ?	 fall colors are starting here in the midwest . any plans for today ?	yes i am going hiking , i love the outdoors . what are your plans ?	 i would love to go biking , but i have to study for a test .	studying is always important . i may also look for deals at goodwill today .	 ha ha ! i am a college student ; goodwill is my clothing source !	right ! it beats the high priced boutiques any day !	 i would love to see california . my ambition is to visit all 50 states .	mine too ! i really love it here , like they say there is no place like home .	 i am always itching to get away as soon as i get back from a trip .	i understand that feeling well . i usually try to distract myself with some other activity , like recycling .	 that is so cool . we all need to pitch in and save the planet .	very true . i feel very strongly about recycling .
 hey there how are you doing	i am doing good , just left work . what about you ?	 very well , thankyou , what do you do for living	i am a veterinarian , i love animals especially cats . what do you do ?	 i own a network marketing company	i am a veterinarian , i love animals especially cats . what do you do ?	 i own a network marketing company	hey that is very impressive . cool job	 thanks for fun , i vacate in paris and go to opera	ok . i am a beach kind of gal	 sweet ! i enjoy the beach as well ! i am 6ft tall blonde seem to get noticed anywhere	wow , i bet you look amazing . real life amazon	 haha thanks ! you are so sweet	that is part of who i am . . sweet as pie lol
 hello how are you doing , today , my name is phil	great , do you need a ride or are you looking for help on a legal case ?	 how did you guess i am stuck in remoteness past	i do not watch television . anyways , where do you need to be picked up by plane ?	 i am not good with technology , but i sure i can fine out	ok , i will photo you and then you can enter my plane .	 do you like outdoors , i sure do , maybe we go to the park	i live on a mountain . you can skydive into a park from my plane .	 i am scared of skydiving , but love to go there and creat videos	i do not like to watch any type of television .	 not even discovery channel , i work there	nope . i am a lydite .	 lydite , that is something new for me	luddite , not into technology . but i like my camera , and plane .
have you ever larp before ? it is amazing in a forrest	no i am not sure what that is	 it is like an rpg but in real life	sill not sure of that acronym . i am an old fashioned meat and potato gal .	 well i am a general in my group ! so respect me as such	i will ! might even give you a ride in my black car	 that sounds nice . i love my larp group since my dad left .	is it a support group ?	 no , think dungeons and dragons in real life	oh i have a lot of friends that are into that . i entertain myself with hip hop	 do you make your own beats ?	no but i do write my own hooks	 oooo , better get on soundcloud soon	well i am in law school now . that was my past life	 nice i plan on attending soon , just finished at uc irvine	good luck . uc irvine also has a great law school .
 hi , i am winston , and i go kayaking on the weekends on the lake	really winston . cool . how are you today ?	 i am ok and yourself ? i am a navy brat attended 16 schools within 12 years .	huh not sure it took . do you play an instrument ?	 i play the piano . my friends seem to come and go pretty quickly	violin , competitively . my sis is on the clarinet	 i have the tendency to bite my nails .	you should stop doing that . get a dog .	 yeah would benefit huh ? what about you ?	pomeranian that follows me everywhere .	 nice , those dogs are cute .	yeah not very smart though .	 haha well they do learn along the way	you would think so would you not	 well we will see right now trying to take care of myself first	yeah i suppose that is probably going to be the big thing .
 hey good afternoon how are you ?	i am okay , just taking a break from work right now	 yea i get that for sure , like city life ?	yes , it is so much work , but i am grateful to even have a job	 are we all ! i love veggies an fruits	so do i , my favorite fruit is watermelon	 i like pineapple the best	i enjoy that fruit too , but it starts to swell my tongue up after a while	 be careful of the seeds i tell my grandbabies that	okay , that is cool , congratulations on being a grandparent	 yes they are so tiny an sweet	i bet they are , are they in school yet , kids love school	 yes 3 are , the others are .	oh wow , how many grandchildren do you have ?	 6 how many do you have ?	oh , i have none at all . hopefully my children give me some
 hi do you like exercising of any kind ?	h no , i am a couch puppy	 so what do you like to do in your spare	oh my , why you yelling at me	 sorry i am multitasking . . . . i do not mean to be rude	i am ai do that as well all the time	 have you ever tried the video game mortal combat	oh yes ! it is very bloody	 i love the color purple how about you	i love the color purple too , great movie	 that was an awesome movie back in the day	i just love country music	 who are the artists you love to listen to	luke bryan is y favorite	 ok . . . do you have any children you take care of	i have 32 kids . i am very tired
 hello sunshine ! how are you my dear ?	i am wonderful and you ?	 i am so , so good . i saw a new band last night !	sounds fun ! being a mom keeps me from doing fun things like that ! lol	 aw but being a mom is the most rewarding job you can have !	very true and i adore both my daughters .	 i wish i had known my parents , they passed when i was little	i am so sorry to hear that ! are you married ?	 not yet , i fill my days with sunshine and music .	cool ! i am lucky my husband has a good job a telecom .	 what else do you do with your days ?	i like anything adventurous , like hiking and mountain climbing .	 i hike weekly ! mountain climbing scares me though .	we have a bit in common ! i like to travel , but driving frustrates me .	 ugh , you know what bothers me ? the bus ,	yes ! some of the people on the bus are strange .
 do you happen to need a new washer or dryer ?	yes ! i am an eager runner , so my clothes get sweaty a lot .	 great ! we are having a promotion at sears . i will get you a discount .	thank you ! but i am in canada , close to ontario . can i still get the promotion ?	 sure ! i will walk my tiny , size six feet , to the closest store to you !	will it last until next month ? i go to america twice a year to run marathons .	 i will hold it for you because i do not wanna ever feel like i did that day .	what day do you mean ?	 sorry , i drifted into my favorite song by the red hot chili peppers . you know them ?	i sure do . i blast go robot while playing basketball .	 that is awesome ! i wanted to be a roadie writer and tour with them .	i would be so jealous . haha . do you enjoy basketball or have a favorite team , too ?	 i could have played back up bass ! i dig football , not basketball . who is yours ?	i would love to hear you play . i love the vancouver grizzlies , but no favorite football team .
hi how are you tonight	i am good after winning a game of golf today with my friends .	 i can not wait to go to london some day	enjoying these last good sunny days playing golf before winter .	 my brothers and i play soccer usually	london is a lot of fun . you will love it . . lots of poets , like me , from there .	 that is cool i love to read	i write a lot of poetry when i cant play golf . those are my main hobbies .	 those are very interesting hobbies	i am also the head of our local gun club . do you like to hunt or shoot ?	 i love guns can i join	hunting , target practice and golf are fun but being a poet pays the bills .	 that is true some things pay bills other help us have fun	yes you can . just a small membership fee and take me to london with you .	 i always like to invest but this is different	you should invest in a poet . you can get good returns if you pick the right one .
 hello , how are you doing today ?	i am doing great thanks ! how are you ?	 i am doing well . i just finished playing some video games with my sone	good to hear ! sounds like fun !	 yeah ! he is a straight a student . do you have any children ?	clever boy then ! yes , i have two who are big into sports .	 ery cool ! my son and i are not into sports much , but we like to work out	cool ! so what are your hobbies ?	 person i have a pretty tone body and a collection of video games . what are your hobbies ?	i am a bookworm and a member of numerous book clubs !	 neat , what genres do you like to read	mostly fiction , but i do enjoy reading biographies too .	 oh , what type of people , such as political figures , do you like to read about ?	i like to read about fashions designers .
 hi ! my name is paul . whats yours ? i am an outdoorsman . how about you ?	hello , i work at a junior college in nashville .	 that is cool . my occupation has been dwindling . i am a lumberjack . people wann save trees	i am an environmentalist myself . i shop at farmers markets .	 i see . i enjoy fishing and felling trees , but only when i have time	i play music when i have spare time .	 are you a musician ? i whistle while i work .	no , i am a beginner .	 okay . its almost dinnertime . i am making pancakes and syrup again . you ?	yum ! ! we went to the fair and brought home elk burgers .	 sounds good . i have had a buffalo burger years back . that was delicious	that is one of my favorites for chili	 i have made lumberjack chili . its very wholesome	i have never had it , is it good ?	 it is thick . hardly any juice . but when you are cutting down trees , you need muscle	you sure do . i am a yoga student , so i cannot bulk up
 hi there ! how are you ?	i am okay , feeling pretty anxious . i am pregnant	 i know what you mean . last month i decided i was done with college .	how fancy . my husband went to school to be an engineer .	 now i am sleeping in my mercedes in burbank , until i find a place .	that is less fancy . is it at least comfortable ?	 its okay for now . how far along are you ?	7 months , getting pretty big . lol	 i am sure you and your husband are thrilled !	yes of course . i love being pregnant	 how great ! congratulations . i have always loved romance stories .	so do i . i also love other things like art for example .	 me too . i find my self getting emotional over moving art pieces .	how old are you ? if you do not mind me asking	 i am in my twenties . you ?	i am 24 , my husband is 48
 hello , how are you tonight ?	bonjour . i am fun , sorting out my digital photos .	 i am still in school , i will be teaching in three months .	congratulations ! my husband is an author and i work with photos .	 i love photography , i take a lot of my vintage mustang .	great ! do you like reading ?	 i do , i love to read dean koontz .	i like stephen king the best .	 i like his early works . from a buick 8 is one of my favorites .	nice . oh the baby is crying wait a minute .	 my father is a pediatrician , let me know if something is wrong .	good to know ! we have twins .	 that is adorable ! i do not have any	haha you are still young . the baby was just hungry .	 i am too , now that you mention it .	go eat something , nice chat !
 hi how are you doing ?	pretty good . leaving the hospital .	 oh sorry to hear that , you alright ?	i am fine . i am actually a doctor and my wife is also a nurse .	 oh wow did you guys meet at work ?	we met after a baseball game . i enjoy playing in local games .	 oh that is cool , i enjoy walking my dog and kids .	cool ! sometimes i take my two kids up into the mountains for hikes .	 nice , we did a field trip recently in the hills . i am a teacher .	cool ! i think the mountains are my favorite place to be .	 they are peaceful and pretty . nice getaway . do you have any pets ?	no , i do not have any pets .	 what type of doctor are you ?	i work with cardiology at our hospital .	 wow impressive , your wife is a nurse on the same floor ?	yes , i am pretty lucky to get to work with her .
 hi how are you today ?	i am doing great . how about you ?	 i am alright just hating this weather	cold weather bothers me since metal fills my left knee .	 summer is definitely my favorite	so are you married ? i have a husband that plays bingo with me every wednesday .	 i am not . do you like the flash ?	i did as a girl . jazz is another thing i enjoyed , too . got any pets ?	 i do not but i enjoy butterflies	do you like dogs ? i have 3 . how about birds ? i have a parrot .	 they are alright but butterflies rule	what means the world to you ? mine is my family .	 to me its summer for sure	i like the summer too since that is when we play the most bingo .
 how are you doing today	good , thanks . hi , i am nancy .	 what is your hobby ? what do you like ?	i love playing with barbies and singing my favorite song . .	 i like to dance a lot	cool . can we dance together ? i have no brothers or sisters .	 i would rather dance with my dog	that is ok . i am used to being alone .	 i love my dog . you should get one .	i am a barbie girl , in a barbie world . . . no dogs .	 do you have any hobbies	yes , singing and playing with barbie dolls . you ?	 i like to make blankets	cool . can you make a blanket for my barbie ?	 i could . what color would you like it ?	pink , of course ! do you have a favorite color ?
 have you ever seen gone with the wind ?	i have a long time ago . honestly , i prefer comedies . it matches my personality .	 you would think that would be the case with me , but no . i love it so much !	that is wonderful . i like drawing the face of scarlet . such an interesting face .	 incidentally , scarlet is my favorite color . what mediums do you draw with ?	i enjoy charcoal . but lately i am too swollen and my fingers are like sausages .	 swollen ? what happened , are you okay ?	yes , i think i had too many gin and sprite last night .	 i know that feeling well !	tell me more about yourself . what do you do ?	 i rescue turtles . i have two of my own and foster up to a dozen .	wow that is interesting ! what size turtles ?	 all sizes ! right now i have a few large box turtles and a baby snapper .	whoa , i am scared of snappers ! but it is rewarding to help animals .	 true story , i saved a giant snapper on the highway at eight months pregnant .	the thought of an eight month pregnant woman picking up a turtle makes me laugh !
hello hope you are having a great day . just reading the new york times	i am good ! i am doing the same , reading about ways to save money for college	 my father works for the times as a journalist . are you going to college ?	i am saving money for that at the moment ! but now no , i just surf	 my older sister mary is in college .	that is cool . what is she studying	 surfing sounds fun . i cant do that in texas . she studies history	it is really fun , but i think i prefer snowboarding . i like snow	 i do not like the cold i was a premature birth and have trouble staying warm	oh the same as robert deniro , my favorite actor	 i like deniro too . where are you from ?	i am from florida ! i am moving soon	 where are you moving too ?	to canada ! 6 months of summer and 6 months of snow seems lovely	 i hope you like it . will you be able to surf there	i am sure there are places to do it , but nothing like florida
hi , how are you tonight ?	i am getting sleepy and my back kind of hurts from this chair .	 are you at work right now ?	nope . i am at home watching the office . what are you doing ?	 hanging out with my 3 roommates	sounds like a party . what is your favorite type of food . mine is mexican .	 gummy bears and pizza are mine	gosh , all i have had today is like six gummy bears and some scotch .	 that is not much of a meal lol	who said it was a meal ? what kind of work do you do ?	 i am a college student , i work part time on campus . you ?	i work with animals and i am also a student studying global affairs .	 that is pretty cool . so do you have any pets ?	yes , i have a zoo of animals at home . all different types .	 that must be hectic all i have is a parakeet named andy	that is cute . birds are so cool . how old is your bird ?
hi what are you up to today ?	hi , alone , maine , engineer and love photography . you ?	 interesting . . i am in chicago , not much room for my mountain biking	i see . vera funeral info is posted on reddit . i am an author . you ?	 i have no idea what vera funeral is . . i am an artists	yes there is . take lake shore drive . you sing ?	 i do not sing , no talent there	i see . vera had all the talent . you do not know what a funeral is ?	 yes i know what a funeral is . . unsure about vera . . what do you do for fun	hmmm . you take photos of anything ? i do .	 nope , just draw ! mostly photos of people	hmmm . what line of work are you in ? i am an engineer .	 i am in retail . . i sell tea and coffee , love me some tea	oh okay . i bet its great with bat meat . i photograph lakes .	 bat meat . . does not sound appealing to me	to die for ! ask vera . i hate living alone . you ?
tex mex is so delicious ! what is your favorite food ?	good . my favorite food living in the us is steak and broccoli .	 do you have a pet ? mine is a puppy the name is tiki .	i do . after ice hockey practice i always run to my pup lex .	 i work in the kindergarten as a teacher	that is good i am still in high school .	 glad you have a pup too , my major in college is early childhood education and you ?	mine education is provided by rap artists .	 do you walk your puppy daily ?	i do not , i go to the gym daily so its tough to spread the energy .	 you get tired easy ? that is what you mean ?	after heavy lifting and long cardio sessions , yeah .	 how is your puppy doing now ?	she is ok , she is living life .	 what do you mean by living life ?	i mean she gets to run freely and have fun all day .
 hi how are you today	hi ! i am doing well . how are you ? what music do you like ?	 i do not really like music . sports ?	i am not into sports . i read books . i like all music , except country .	 do you own a car ?	no , not yet . i really want to travel the world with a car , plane , anything	 are you very tall then ?	is 5 11 tall enough ?	 nope . i am a big tall giant	and how tall are you then ?	 over 7 ft tall i am gentle though	ok , if you say so . are your parents tall too ?	 yeah and we drive fast cars	a furious bunch ! i like spending time with mine too friends and family	 we have to buy convertible tops obviously	are you into any sports ?
 this rain sucks ! ca not do any lamp in the forest because of it .	sorry to hear . its not ringing here .	 where do you live ? what do you do for work ?	i am an actress , but for now i work inside a grocery .	 oh , i am a general of the oris army .	that sounds like an interesting profession . i just want to be famous someday .	 oh , i would settle to just be able to move out of my moms house .	sounds like you are successful general that lives in moms house . i do not even cook .	 yeah , but i am 32 and my mom does not want me to move out .	your mom loves you . i like to dress up people too . tell them what to wear .	 i guess she does . but at least you get paid to dress up .	my real obsession is taking care of my skin , but to act people look .
 hey have you heard the new foo fighters album ?	no . my tastes lean more towards gone with the wind .	 really ? cool . that reminds me of my fave boots !	are they red boots ? that is my favorite color !	 close but they happen to be my favorite color black that they wore in the movie !	oh ! my two turtles like black boots !	 turtles ! ? that is cool . i am trying to grow my hair from the spiky black mess !	you should try purple . i did and i love it ! i will send you a pic .	 oh sure my mom will love my black leather boots , hair , and jammin to metal !	you should come over sometime to play video games	 heck yea ! whats your favorite game right now ?	the new one that just came out . lets play tomorrow ?
hi how you doing i am okay .	that is good ! i am good just watching some anime . i love it .	 wow seems like a fun show .	lol it is . i am about to make a roast . i love meat . you ?	 yes wish i could have some of that roast .	lol what do you do for a living ?	 i used to help people a lot i still do but disabled now .	oh no i am sorry about that . what happened ?	 i like to watch funny characters i got sick .	i am sorry . do you swim ?	 yes i can swim thank god i like being near the river .	my boyfriend wants to go tomorrow , but i never learned how .	 oh he can teach you does he swim ?	yes . i never got to do much , i had to start work at a young age .	 my mom once met elvis presley that is old l . o . l	lol . do you like him ?
 hello there hows your day going	pretty good , just getting ready to go to class . how about you ?	 i am actually between classes , i teach high school	really ? i am still in school . i am almost finished with my degree .	 whats your degree in ? i teach math	education . i hope to get a job teaching kindergarten .	 oh that is great ! one of my two kids is in kindergarten	really ? i love that age group , they are still so sweet and fun to teach !	 they are ! i love it too . do you do any volunteerwork ?	no , most of my spare time is taken by visiting art museums and dating .	 well that will keep you busy ! i am married but i remember all the dating	that is awesome ! seems like you have the dream life . job , kids , and a wife .
hello ! i just got done practicing on my drums	sounds like a lot of fun and noise !	 yes ! lots of fun playing in a band	i prefer going out to eat . drives in the country is not bad either .	 that sounds lovely , but i do not get out of my parents basement much	they have not kicked you out yet ? ha ha !	 nope ! 25 and still living with them	that is quite a gig you have got there ! do you pay rent ?	 nah , they are letting my girlfriend and i save money while in college	does she live with you in the basement ?	 yes , she does . she has a ford mustang that i drive	man , you have got an all around good deal !	 i would like to think so	have you seen any good movies lately ?	 no i have not i am always too busy	it is one of my favorite things to do .
 hi there . lets make this fast and get to know each other .	hey , i am exceptionally smart , so this will be a breeze !	 nice ! this should be a lot of fun then !	yea , besides , i almost never sleep , like 3 hours max every night .	 how can you function with that little sleep each night ?	i have no life . i do not have any brothers and sisters , or parents .	 bummer . i will be your friend , friend .	thanks ! i also need lots of coffee , even with my steak .	 oh my goodness me too . my birthstone is a coffee bean .	really ? you funny ! only time i pass on coffee is when i travel by myself .	 haha that is when i need it most .	can i go back to not being exceptionally smart now ?	 yes ! be yourself . nothing more , and nothing less .	maybe i should go have some more steak . this is making me hungry .	 do it . add some mushrooms . and have a damn beer .	i need a beer . this is taking awfully long for a smart person like myself .
 hey how are you today ?	i am good . and how are you ?	 i am doing good . how do you feel ?	i feel good . just took a drive through the country side .	 that is cool . i like to try and eat healthy . what about you ?	doing my best to do so . do you live in the city ?	 i live in a city , yes . what do you do for activity ?	walk a lot . go to the gym , dance .	 dancing is fun , i never liked to until just recently .	it is a great work out .	 what kind of music to you dance to ?	up tempo pop usually . at home dance to my music .	 whats your favorite song on repeat right now ?	that is a tough one . today hallelujah by jeff buckley .
 what are your plans for the weekend when school is out ?	going to see red hot chili peppers , my favorite ! ! and you ?	 sounds cool i got a hockey game and the just gonna chill with my friends	oh fun , you play hockey ? you in school too ?	 yep i am in high school and play on the ice hockey team . do you go to school ?	i am in college to be a journalist . working at sears now , do you work ?	 no i am just focusing on school right now . where are you from ?	in in florida , you ? got any pets ?	 i am in maine and i have a dog that i bring everywhere with me . you ?	oh what kind ? i love my french bulldog so much !	 he is a pit and he is the best dude	i had a pit years ago , so loyal !	 yep they are . are you a chick or a dude ?	a girl , erika lol . and you ?
 god i wish i did not have to get up today lol how are you ?	i hear you , stayed up far too late and am feeling it now	 yea my parents argue way to much . they are pretty distant	i am sorry for your situation , i like to watch tv to distract myself from things like that	 yea . my brother is a trouble maker to so with everything going on , i get little attention	sounds straight out of a novel , mind if i use your story in my next book ?	 not at all . go for it . i do not feel much emotion either	that sounds like it would be very isolating	 i feel extremely isolated . that is the perfect word for it	when i feel that way i find myself subconsciously wearing all black	 that is strange . but it makes total sense	well i truly hope you start feeling better about all this
 hey , how you plan on spending the day ?	hello how are you today ? i no not know yet	 good , and you ? thinking about a drive weathers nice , how bout where you are ?	wish i could but i am a busy dental assistant	 alright i hear that , you got that bad music playing all day . i like rap .	i am a dancer , what do you do ?	 i write lyrics , trying to be like 2pac he was the best	ballad of a dead soldier one of my favorites	 good one ! california love is my top favorite ? you dance professional ?	only on the weekends , hardcore parties only	 nice . you have a car ? i got a black sport baby she is fast .	no but i am borderline	 that is good , i just finally got mine paid off you will get there	do you like to party ?	 i like to m . c . at parties . i love to run the show	someone has to keep it going
 hello , whats your favorite color ? mine is yellow .	good , thank you ! tell me a secret about your life .	 i believe in ghosts , and i am fascinated by them .	i have not once kissed a woman . i win ! ll	 oh yeah , well my childhood dream was to be an architect .	nice ! what career did you end up in ?	 i plan weddings now , what do you do ?	nice ! i am in business . i surprised of where i am , really .	 does music motivate you to work ? 80s era music is my favorite !	yes ! i love music . country is my favorite ! you ?	 i love everything 80s music !	only 80s ? i have a few 80s bands i like !	 not only , but its my favorite . did you ever tell me your favorite color ?	orange is my favorite color . i relate it to fall , my favorite season !	 fall has orange , but also yellow , like my favorite color .	that is true ! what is your favorite thing in life ?
 if i cant buy it online i do not need it is what i say .	ca not you get it from a shop or supermarket that can deliver it to you ? .	 that would still be buying it online !	why are you so obsessed with online shopping ?	 i just do not like the crowds of stores .	you can choose to go to stores were people do not crowd a lot .	 why are you so concerned with what i like .	you do not have to restrict your life always on one side .	 not shopping in stores is not restrictive . i can go ice skating all winter long	you have to learn to bear with life situations for a time being .	 i disagree . my parents practice law and i have dealt with enough .	you have to get a free mind that allows you cope up with any thing .
 hi want to be my friend ?	yes , i would love to . i am in college .	 i never went to college . i get on okay	do you have any pets ?	 nah . i do like to fish , but they are not pets	oh , i have one dog . his name is socks .	 that is a fun name . what kid of dog is he	he is a little white maltese .	 i might be interested in a hound to take fishing	what type of car do you drive ?	 i drive a truck . a chevy	oh , i drive an old lexus .	 fancy . do you like steak ?	yes , who does not like steak ?	 i like simple stuff . meat and potatoes , you know ?	yeah , that is how i am .
 hello ! i am exited to get to know you !	me too ! tell me about yourself .	 well , i am currently in college , home is in california .	i am in college too ! i am a total jock in on an athletic scholarship .	 are you a man or a woman ?	i am a man . . . what about you ? i am always looking for a romantic relationship .	 i am a man stuck in a females body .	that is interesting . . . i have tons of friends but never met someone like you .	 do you enjoy the outdoors ?	oh yeah totally i am a total jock so love biking , hiking , swimming , the works .	 what about recycling ? do you recycle ?	i tried but always forgot to put it on the curb on the right day . you ?	 i always recycle . i would never forget to put it out on the right day .	yeah i am easily distracted so i am always forgetting things .	 what is your favorite outdoor activity ?	probably basketball because i can hang with all my friends . you ?
 hey , how are you today ?	i am doing good . just sitting out on my deck , watching the lake .	 that sounds nice . i am painting my long nails orange .	i love that color . i am working on orange seat covers at my shop .	 how fun ! i love pink too . it is the color of my moped .	do you think my grandchildren would think i was cool on a moped ?	 probably ! even though i love bright colors , i do not wear makeup	me either , my husband does not like makeup	 i am not married , but i love doing fun things .	you would like my son . he loves life	 me too . i also love rock music and am in a band	that sounds so interesting . i do custom upholstery .	 how cool . what is your favorite thing to cover ?	i like car interiors , they are fun .	 i do not own a car , only my moped	i could recover the seat color though , in pink
 hello ! how are you doing today ?	great ! just eating a bunch of chips . i wish i could do this all the time	 i like chips too , as long as there was no animal cruelty in the making .	i agree . animals are sacred	 exactly ! it looks like i have found a kindred spirit .	please tell me you are a believer in aliens too ?	 of course ! i was actually in a band called roswell for 17 years .	so cool ! what do you do for fun ?	 well , i still play music but i also love hiking , board games , cooking , and traveling .	that is great . i like to eat , and i hate cleaning	 cleaning is the worst ! i would hire a service but i am saving for retirement .	i am constantly cleaning after the kids and husband	 are you a stay at home parent ?	yes i am . though i could definitely get a job as a pro eater	 i have always admired stay at home parents . pro eater is a job i could get behind .	as long as i would not gain any weight !
 hi how are you today ?	how are you doing tonight	 pretty good how about you	good just watching fifty shades darker	 i have kids so yuck	lol i have kids to	 whats your favorite color besides grey ?	i love pink and baby blue	 orange is my favorite one yeah	i hate organ lol what do u do for fun	 i watch baseball mostly yeah	i love football more then baseball
 hello . how are you doing today ?	hi ! i am doing great . practicing for my audition ! and you ?	 great . a little tired , though . what are you auditioning for ?	i am auditioning for a big movie ! my first one was when i was 18 .	 wow . i do not have time for movies . i have a high iq .	interesting so what do you do for a living ?	 i am a professor but travel a lot . alone .	what do you teach ? i love to travel alone but i shoot many commercials .	 i teach english . do you have family ?	i love english . it is my favorite subject . i have my parents and brother .	 i do not have family . parents died , and no brothers or sisters .	wow i am so sorry . that is the worst	 it is one reason i travel so much . do you travel ?	i love to travel everywhere ! where have you been ?	 all over europe and most of the united states . and you ?	actually same for me ! what is your favorite european country
hi ! did you catch my basketball game on tv tonight ?	no i was working on the new fixer upper	 that a great excuse ! are you remodeling a home ?	i am ! its a lot of work but its fun .	 i am sure ! when i retire from the wizards , i would like to buy some property in maryland .	beautiful state . i went on an archery trip out there last year .	 that sounds fun . i would love to get a place on the eastern shores . good hunting .	property is high there but should not be an issue with your bb salary .	 i make about 35 million a year . i think i can swing a small place .	the girls and i will have a challenge buying a house warming gift !	 how are your daughters ? no gifts , needed . just come teach me archery .	daughters are great love to shop ! i just shoot for fun no actual hunting .	 what kind of bow do you use ? i was looking at compound bows .	one like robin hood ! my favorite to dress as for halloween .
 hello there . how are you doing ?	i am great . just got in from walking my two dogs . how about you ?	 not bad . there are 3 cats that i own as pets .	i actually love cats . my son has 6 of them . do you work ?	 i do . i work as a secretary . do you ?	i work as a clothes retailer . i do not love it . you ?	 i do not like my job either . what is your favorite food ?	pizza . and red wine . my favorite drink . a savior .	 i enjoy eating tacos and wings .	good stuff . i love to garden , but do not eat so healthy .	 i love to garden also . i like planting fruit trees .	i have not had success with those . lemons or what kind ?	 mostly cherries , mangoes , and bananas .	love cherries . my dogs do too . they are boxers .	 what is your favorite color ?	yellow . a nice sunny color . yours ?
 hello ! what are you doing ?	just about to watch some shows on netflix , you ?	 working on marketing my new business . what shows ?	trying to look for a show that might teach me self defense . i really want to learn	 you should try yoga , it helps with your flexibility for that stuff .	you do yoga ? i am thinking i might go back to school and move to las vegas .	 yes i do ! vegas sounds fun . i heard there are a lot of vegans there .	yeah , you know any good yoga classes there ?	 i will ask my instructor for you . what would you study in school ?	i am not sure yet ! what do you think ?	 marketing . i loved it when i studied it .	maybe i will look into that	 meditate on it . it really does help .	you sound very level headed . what else do you like ?
 hi	hello ! how are you today ?	 i am good thank you , how are you	great , thanks ! my children and i were just about to watch game of thrones .	 nice ! how old are your children ?	i have four that range in age from 10 to 21 . you ?	 i do not have children at the moment	that just means you get to keep all the popcorn for yourself .	 and cheetos at the moment !	good choice . do you watch game of thrones ?	 no , i do not have much time for tv	i usually spend my time painting but , i love the show .
hi i am name is travis . how are ya ?	hi travis . doing great , how are you ? !	quite well . the weather is just gorgeous in the carolinas today .	not too breezy ? i get chilly fast , need to start carrying around a jacket !	no it feels good after our brutally hot summer .	that is pleasant ! doing anything fun this fine friday ?	 unfortunately i am back to truck driving tomorrow so i need a good rest tonight . you ?	ah ! one of my friends used to drive semis !	 its a fun job but i miss my 3 kids . what do you do ?	i basically live and work in a forest ! i do bird tours for the summer .	 that sounds awesome . i love the great outdoors !	same ! do you prefer forests or oceans or plain or . . . ?	 i spend a lot of time hunting so i am more of a woods guy .	oh ! how long have you been hunting ?
 hi how are you today	i am good i am 25 years old	 nice do you work then	yes i do i work on vehicles ? you ?	 i am lawyer like my parents	that is cool i have always been interested in the subject	 yeah it is very hard	sounds like it . i have a dog .	 what is their name then	sunny . he is a doberman .	 wow that is very cute	thank you do you have animals ?	 i do not have do you have kids	no i do not have kids	 oh what season is the best	i like spring the best
 hi ! jane here . who do i have the pleasure of speaking with ?	hello , i am jessica . nice to meet you .	 you too ! so who is your favorite band ? mine is imagine dragons !	my favorite band is the beatles .	 old school . interesting . due to my long work hours main entertainment is music .	what do you do for work ? i am a writer and also a gourmet cook .	 traveling nurse in texas . so lots of hours driving hence the listening to music .	being a nurse is a good job .	 love it ! like cooking as well but i am no where near a gourmet .	i can cook anything but when it comes to baking i am not so good .	 i used to bake . now no time . try to catch a basketball game when i can .	i am not really into sports . i will watch football every once in a while .	 i wish i had time to learn to cook like you do . someday maybe !	it is very relaxing to me .
 hi how are you doing	i am great . how are you ?	 i am good getting back from band practice	what do you play in the band	 a small punk band just for fun	what is the name of the band	 its called the purple computers	that sounds cool . do you like technology ?	 i do but i prefer writing	what do you like to write	 i like poetry i think i think it helps with my songs	do you write a lot of it	 i do its my main job	do you get paid well for it
 hello ! how are you doing ?	hi i am great i just got a client that s a doctor	 awesome ! when i was in africa i had to shoot a lion ! !	i meant the doctor said that i only have six months left	 oh no . what is wrong with you ?	the doctors trying to figure out still	 oh so sorry . i hope to climb mount everest some day	wow that s so cool lactose allergy	 a friend bought me some clay models and i play with them	wow my friend easily give me dinner fish	 i love fish what kind is it ?	the kind of fish will do as long as	 have you ever seen gone with the wind ?	i m really bad in doing expressions	 that is ok it is hard to do that	all right but what do you do for fun
 yo ! what is up stranger ?	hello . how are you doing today ?	 a little copy paste . i like it	what is a hobby of yours ?	 well my job really is my hobby ; i make art	i am a blogger . i love what i do .	 does blogging love you ? is it mutual ?	yes it is . i live in florida . where do you live ?	 that is good . i live in florida as well	nice . what part of the state do you live ?	 it is nice . what part of the state do you live ?	orlando . do you like shopping ? i love it .	 nice . do you enjoy shopping ? i like it .	i said i love it .	 i said i like it	i live in celebration , not orlando .
 how is it going ? what kind of things do you enjoy doing ?	it is great . i love animals , animals are my life and you ?	 nice , me too . i really love doing crafts , especially drawing , i really enjoy it .	crafts . . . seems very interesting . is that what you do for a living ?	 yes ! do you have any children ? i am a mother to 3 girls and 2 boys .	no i have no kids . my animals are like my kids	 i used to have lots of animals ! how about music ? do you have a favorite ?	i love jill scott and bob marley . you ?	 i really love all music , but i guess reggae is my favorite	that is cool . reggae music is the music of free spirits	 absolutely ! i am a huge hippie !	lol . . nothing is wrong with that	 so what else do you like ? what do you do for work ?	ironically i am a vet
 hello how are you today ?	hello ! i am great . just working from home .	 that sounds enjoyable i am recently retired	oh really ? do you like cats ? i own 10 !	 my wife likes cats i am more a dog person . 10 is an awful lot	i am a single woman with cats . they eat asparagus too ! i hate that food .	 do you like to travel ? i really enjoy it	not really . i spend most of my time working . where do you travel ?	 all over i have been to every state	that is nice ! do you like jello ?	 yes i do its easy for me to eat	my favorite is the blue one . you ?	 i really like strawberry flavor	oh nice ! strawberry reminds me of my long red hair . guess the like colors , ha !
 how are you doing today	i am doing well . where are you from ?	 i am from toronto canada	i live in texas , what kind of stuff do you do in toronto ?	 i like to run and watch tv with the kids	fun , how many kids do you have . i like baking with mine and go horseback riding	 i have four of them	i have six . ages 4 15 . how old are yours	 mine are all under two	that must be a real handful !	 sometimes but they are very fun	i bet , do you have much help ? my mom is a retired teacher so she is great .	 i have my husband . he is great .	how long have you been married ?
 hi , i was born in france . where are you from ?	hello , i am from new york . i have never been outside the us .	 interesting . i have a large family that still lives in france so i visit often .	i have a friend who lives in japan . i hope to visit someday .	 cool . i am sad it is getting cold out . i love summer over winter .	i am sorry . do what i do when i am sad . eat some ice cream .	 i enjoy eating food too ! i love cake !	what kind of work do you do ?	 i finished college a couple years ago in crime and work in a prison , you ?	i have figured out how to make a living walking dogs . fun !	 i love dogs ! how many days a week do you do that ?	seven days a week . i am in demand .	 what kind of dogs do you walk ?	any kind of dog there is . probably not as exciting as a prison .	 prison is tough ! i would rather work with cute dogs !	you speak good english for living in france . where you born there ?
 i am trying to get a lot of work done today , i am behind .	i feel your pain . i went to stanford and i could never get ahead .	 i probably have a hard time thinking the work is finished .	right now i just play soccer in a pro league .	 very cool , but so is stanford . i went to juilliard .	wow , are you a dancer ? my wife went there .	 no , a pianist , but i remember the dance division well .	my 4 year old boy thomas and i are going to pizza hut , our fave !	 that is nice , i tend to like the big individual slices with sausage and mushrooms .	do you like henry , the french football guy ? i idolize him .	 i know little of football . my favourite athlete is laird hamilton , big wave surfer .	very cool . do you surf too ?	 no , and i have always regretted not growing up next to the ocean . just body surfing .	may i ask where you live ?
 hey whats up brah ? names kevin	hello . nice to meet you kevin .	 i study software development , what do you do ?	i do not work but i manage to take a vacation every winter in florida .	 that is the life ! there is a sweet iron man competition down there i want to try	that sounds interesting but did you know doing karaoke every thursday is also fun ?	 i did , in fact i jam open mic night frequently	that is great ! we should hang out !	 sure ! you can sing i will play guitar !	yea man . i can wear my lucky yellow shirt .	 well now i am excited ! i will book my flight for spring break	awesome i will meet you there ! gotta go now tho . have a great day !
hello , how are you tonight ?	i am doing good ! what is your father ?	 i would rather not talk about my father , but i am gonna adopt a dog	ok what is your hobbies ?	 i play the violin , what about you ?	i love reading book and i love travelling	 that is great ! i want to go to india because how good the food is	oh that is great idea ! what is your favourite dish	 i absolutely love curry , spicy stuff makes my tummy happy	when you suppose to go india ?	 i have not made plans yet , i do not have enough money to	oh ok where are you from ?	 i am from virginia , near dc , you ?	do you have friends ? in india
 hello , how are you doing today ?	pretty good day , how is yours so far ?	 not so good . today is the anniversary of my dads death .	i am so sorry to hear it . i could not imagine such a loss . how many years ?	 five years ago when i was in high school . it still hurts .	that is very young , but is a hurt that does not go away no matter how old	 i guess you are right . anyways , please tell me about yourself ?	i am a student , just finished my classes , and thinking about dinner	 oh really ? what are thinking about eating ?	some kind of comfort food it is a cold day , maybe pasta	 oh , maybe some angel hair pasta with shrimp .	good thinking , seafood makes anything taste awesome
 hi what do you do ?	hello , how are you doing today ? i work at a grocery store .	 i m good . i m a bartender	that is nice . do you like it ?	 yes i do . i own the bar . do you like the store ?	i love it a lot	 i live in chicago where do you live ?	i live on the west coast	 i see . are you married ?	i am . i also have 4 cats .	 cool i have had 5 husbands	that is a lot . are you on your 6th ?	 single right now . do you like dogs ?	i love dogs . they are so much fun .
 hi , what have you been up to today , i went fishing its one of my favorites !	that sounds fun . i use to like fishing , but getting older its harder to get out .	 summer is the best because of fishing ! are you too old to drive ?	yes . i spend most of my time creating art and i also like working in my garden	 i like driving in my impala in the summer . what is your favorite holiday ?	great car . i like thanksgiving . i love eating sushi and pizza instead of the tradition holiday foods .	 my favorite holiday comes a little bit after that christmas , i love decorating !	christmas time is a great time of year .	 i like it because of family as well . see people you normally do not !	so true . when my family is here , i like to play songs from my favorite band ween .	 do you play it to yourself of do you perform it ever ?	i play the songs on my guitar .	 do you use an electric guitar with a amp ?	yes , do you play ?
 hi , i need your help right away	what do you need help with ?	 i need you to dust my house .	oh no . i am too busy for all of that !	 i am allergic . i need help .	oh i am sorry . i wish i could assist you	 you could play with my snakes .	oh snakes are creepy . i will though if you feed me	 do you eat organic food ?	yes i do . when my family buys it for me	 i only eat that .	that is really healthy . is the weather nice there now ?	 it is alright . it rained earlier .	it is getting cold here . i do not like it . i love the summer
 my daughter got married last week .	wow ! that is great . i like to mountain bike .	 thank you . she mailed me a package from tahiti , that was amazing .	awesome . i am a hiker .	 where do you enjoy hiking	in vermont where i live . what do you o for fun ?	 i often fantasize about magic being real .	well that sounds fun . i am an activist	 that really sounds quite interesting .	haha . this whole thing is hilarious .	 i totally agree with you there .	so , what do you do for work ?	 i am a beekeeper at a honey bee farm . how about you ?	wow , that is fun ! i am a stay at home mom	 it can be challenging . how old are your kids ?	3 7 and 11 . all have birthdays soon .
 hello how are you today ?	hi doing good . just got back from a walk on the beach	 very cool , i recently went to the beach with my wife of six years .	fun , have you been keeping up on the game of thrones series ?	 no i have not . i go to the casino on the weekends . do you drink beer ?	beer is awesome , i like all the new crafts ones	 oh great ! i have tried 35 kinds . i work for a brewery as a financial analyst .	i have been to over 100 different breweries . what kind of music do you like ?	 all kinds , but mainly classic rock . what about you ?	only the freshest pop on the radio . i listen to anything in top 100	 haha , that is cool . i like new music too .	do you cook at home at all ?	 no i like to eat out . i travel a lot .	i gave up on fast food , cook everything at hom	 that is good . probably healthier for you .	what is your favorite color ?
 okay , i can buy new shoes after yoga on tuesday . then wednesday free !	hey that is good . you do a lot of yoga ?	 only on tuesdays , keeps me flexible to shop . then pool day on thursdays !	sounds like you keep pretty busy	 ugh , five day work weeks do not leave much time for my passion shopping . but pays for it !	well its good to be passionate about stuff , i guess	 oh of course , i love swimming too , pool days are like 3 hrs . what about you ?	no i do not really swim . or yoga . i mostly just go to work and come home .	 sounds like your friends need to take you shopping , dear .	eh i do not really have many friends	 no one to shop or do yoga with ? why on earth not ?	i guess i am just not into doing things . never been close with anyone .
 hi . i am sarah . how is your day going ?	hi , i am mary . i am good . thank you .	 i am getting ready to go for a run with my dog .	sounds like fun . what do you do for a living ?	 i am a stay at home mom . how about you ?	i work at the local newspaper .	 interesting . i like to play the piano and guitar . hobbies ?	i enjoy learning . i also like to read .	 me too ! anything good lately ?	the hate you give . highly recommend it .	 great ! thanks ! do you like music ?	i do . country is my favorite .	 hey ! me too ! my cats are driving me crazy .	what do your parents do ?	 they own retail stores . what about yours ?	my dad is a retired butcher .
 hi there , how are you ?	i am fine how are you ?	 i am good . i am secretly famous online as a video game character	really ? , well my deal is 3d animations for video games	 then you are meeting the right person . i like to live for real though	what is your favorite band , if you have one	 i am not sure i have one , been focusing on my internship in engineering i start soon	where ? try the food of it is italy	 i am not sure i follow . i was thinking of skydiving in italy though	skydiving ! i am more of a sit on the sofa and watch netflix person	 i dream of moving to the middle of the desert	adventurous ! netflix is enough adventure for me .	 wow , so no bucket list before you die	watching all the programs on netflix is my adventure
good afternoon . how are you ?	i am great how are you	 bene . sorry , i love to speak italian	i do not know it	 i love to travel and italy is one of my favorite destinations	that sounds like a great place to go	 speaking italian and my eyes being different colors , i get lots of strange looks .	i look at make up tutorials	 my mom practices osteopath so she is against make up	i would love to learn	 she also hates my cat , so i do not believe anything she says .	why do you not believe her	 with natural medicine everything to her is bad .	that is , i do not know what to say	 well she has her way of doing things and i do mine .	i am out of control to
hi , got any easy ways to make some cash ?	not really . maybe try mechanical turk ?	 not enough money for me . i need at least 50 bucks a day	i do not know . donate plasma ?	 i play the stocks but not very well . what do you do for a living ?	i work as a paramedic . you ?	 i play the stocks but not very well . what do you do for a living ?	i want to be a nurse .	 i am a paralegal . nursing is a good career choice	so is being a paralegal less blood .	 absolutely lol . . . i can not deal with the aspect of nursing	what kind of music do you like ?	 i like hip hop . what do you like	i love the beatles .	 oh the classic stuff lol	yes , i am into the oldies but goodies .
 hi how are you today ?	good and you ? i love to read comic books . do you ?	 i like to sing mostly . some barbershop , some rap	i think i may try to publish my own on the internet . i cant sing .	 cool what sports do you like ? mine is basketball	i did publish some but was rejected and thought i should give up . baseball !	 cool what is your favorite season ? mine is winter	i am going to write my own comics and send them to publishers . love summer !	 awesome idea ! favorite hobby ? this blue eyed girl is napping lol	love blue eyes . mine are green . love to craft !	 i do enjoy crafting too !	i like to make wreaths , wine glasses , shirts and more . you ?	 i make wineglass candles and snow globes	awesome ! sounds fun !	 it is ! what is your favorite color ? mine is pink	i love pink too ! use to love purple but switch !
 hi how are you doing ?	i am doing well , and yourself ?	 i am good thanks for asking	what do you do for a living ? i work at a brewery like peter griffin lol .	 i am a fright truck driver	cool , ever go to the casinos on the weekends ? i might have seen you .	 yes i go on occasions	do you ever travel to other countries ?	 only around the state . . . and u ?	i have traveled to 7 countries in europe and 3 in asia .	 that is is vey impressive wow	my job at the brewery has blessed me financial to allow me .	 how many types of beer have you tried ? 35 maybe ?	that is spot on correct answer .
 hey , how are you doing ?	i am well ! how about yourself ? i am excited to get to know you !	 today was great i work at this book store and its amazing !	very cool . i assume you enjoy reading ?	 yes i love reading , its my only quiet time i get living in the city	sounds like you have the perfect job ! i am trying to open a restaurant .	 that is cool tell me more about you	well , currently i work as a personal chef .	 wow really , and my job hates my pink hair at least my girlfriend does not	i would not like your hair either . lol hunter green maybe .	 lol i love my girl , my older brother not so much , its a sibling thing	haha , me and my brother are best of friends and worst of enemies . lol	 yes ! its a love hate relationship , anything interesting i should know about you ?	well , i enjoy watching movies , and like sleeping even more .
 hello care to chat with a rap music lover ?	my mommy wo not let me listen to rap . i am only 8 years old .	 oh well maybe when your older ? do you have any hobbies ?	i love reading comic books ! how about you ?	 i like sleeping . that happens when you get old .	well when i get old i am going to be superman !	 awesome ! do you like ergonomic keyboards or chairs ?	ergonomic ? what does that mean ?	 is just a special design of where to place items . its pretty awesome .	sounds cool ! maybe i will learn more big words in school this week !	 yes . so do you have brothers and sisters ?	yes , lots of em . where do babies come from ?
 hey . how are you doing this fine day ?	good . just got back from a ride on beauty . . . she is my horse	 sounds fun is it a pony ? all i got is cats to play with .	clydesdale actually . . . ooh i love cats . names ?	 my little . trying to watch the dragon ball z .	my husband likes that show . said he picked it up when he was over seas	 over seas sounds nice . you must miss him . my cat is nice .	the army does take him away from me a lot	 does the army let you have a cat ?	not in the barracks , but we live off base	 how many horses you have and that is good	just the one . . . last ride on her today though	 sounds fun . this dragon ball z is amazing .	watching it with your cats ? do they like goku ?	 my cats is amazing and do you have any ? goku is great .	no cats . . . have a dog and a couple of chickens
 hello how are you ? i have one child , and i am married .	i am good . i am don river . i claim its italian , but its spanish .	 ll . i own my own company , but i do not show up very much .	nice . i am a programmer . not sure its for me . do you like your job ?	 i do , but i make less than 100k a year .	is it a professional setting ? i often wear cardigans to look good at work .	 yes , professional . but i wish i could pay my employees more than minimum wage though .	my step dad did the same to his employees . ignoring me .	 that is too bad . you feel more comfortable in your cardigans while programming ?	they make me feel smarter . i feel dumb because i got my biological dads brain .	 do not feel dumb , everyone has their own strengths .	what kind of strengths do you have ?	 my spouse and my child . it might sound silly , but its true .	aw , no that is sweet . they sound like good people .	 thank you . they are my entire world . second is my company lol .	haha . what does your company make do ?
good morning . care for a chat with a second year medical student ?	telling jokes is something that i love	 me too but not more than my moms baking . she is the best baker .	i am early to everything , always !	 well i cannot help you there . i seem to get to class early .	i have employment at a factory	 i am in college in louisiana . being hindu i am trying to get use to louisiana .	in my free time i volunteer	 that is so nice . in mine i watch old movies .	classic films great , i am early to everything always	 that sucks . but its better than being late .	telling jokes is what i love	 so do you want to be a comedian in the future ?	well i have a job in a factory so no
 hi , i am jennifer , i love to ski . who are you ?	hi jennifer , i am tony . how long have you skied for ?	 since i was about 5 . my father taught me . what are your hobbies ?	i do not have hobbies , my law firm is too demanding . what do you do ?	 i am a student , studying literature .	oh , that is great ! hows the campus food ?	 its okay . . . tolerable . so what would you do if you had free time ?	anything but tofu , right ? i would drive more . i like driving my prius .	 i like driving fast ! and to ride my motorcycle .	that is exciting ! my wife would not like me driving a motorcycle , it would scare the kids .	 so you are married . i am still looking for mr . right .	i am sure he will turn up ! any important people in your life right now ?	 4 cats and 2 dogs , ll . well , and a boyfriend .	well , he could be mr . right . . . right there haha . what are your goals ?	 well , i am trying to decide whether i should teach literature or write novels .	i can see how that might be a hard choice .
 what makes you feel good ?	i love to take pictures , how about you ?	 i like to laugh as much as possible	i do too , its hard after loosing my husband . are you married ?	 no but i have a best friend that lives in tanzania	i want to visit . i want to travel the world taking photographs .	 what food do you like to make ?	all kinds . i am a great cook . what is your favorite meal ?	 i like to bake and my favorite is making brownies	do you like music ?	 i do but it is hard to dance to it because i am always wearing flip flops	i love adam levine . i want to make a music video with him .	 i would be too ugly to do that with all my freckles	freckles are not ugly ! why do you think that ?
 just had my third hamburger of the day ! !	that sound good sound like you a hamburger lover	 i often eat meat to make up for what i had to eat in the army !	ok , i under stand that how long in the army	 long enough to be a vet . to get the gi bill . i am earning a ba .	that good , am just a country girl love to do garden work	 my girlfriend loves to garden . i , in turn , love her .	ok glad she love it , i also work at the animal shelter	 you sound busy . i met someone who worked there . what else you do ?	like to go to church and spear time fish	 so at church you are a fisher of men , and also a fisher of time ?	yes you have that correct that what i do	 gotcha ! my girlfriend goes to church , but i still love here .	that good you should keeping on loving her	 so tell me more about yourself , please .	well i am a care giver and love traveling
hi ! i am sitting here enjoying my favorite drink , a caramel cappuccino . you ?	hi how are you today ?	 doing pretty good since i got off of work from the coffee shop an hour ago .	do you have any pets then ?	 no . do you ? do you live near your parents ? mine are living across the street .	i have a huge husky it is sweet	 i love huskies ! do you read books ? i love books about true crime .	i mostly just play my nintendo	 old or new version ? i love playing on both . did you get the new old system ?	i play both , and no those ran out too fast	 i got the first old one , but i did not care to get the super nes .	yeah they share similar games anyway	 yea and a rip off since it is more than the first version was .	yeah they just want our beautiful money	 yep . what is your favorite food ?	probably fish it is great
 are you busy tomorrow ?	yes , i have to get up early to go to work	 oh ok , i need a model to finish my photography portfolio	what type of work do you do ?	 i am a photographer	oh neat , do you travel for your work ?	 no but i want to , my dream is to take pictures of my travels	nice . i wanted to be an actor when i was younger	 really ? you still going to try ?	no , i am just a baker now	 maybe you can be in my music video	i do not think that would be helpful
 hello , how are you tonight ? do you live on the water ? i do .	doing good , just watching some the walking dead re runs .	 i love that show ! i cannot wait for it to come back next sunday !	oh dude , same ! i am so hyped . cannot wait for the crossover .	 i could not get into fear . i switched to teen titans go !	go was awful . original teen titans all the way ! i like the comics better though .	 i loved it , same with preacher . i am waiting for ride to come back .	whoa dude , are we talking twd or go ?	 ride with norman , it is coming back in november .	okay . . . yeah i know . how do you feel about death stranding ?	 i am not a fan . are you ?	seriously ? how can you not like kojima ? plus del toro and reedus , it looks awesome .	 it did not connect with me . are you a star wars fan ?	heck yeah ! now we are talking .	 before rogue one came out , return of the jedi was my favorite .	more of an empire strikes back kind of guy , but anything from the original trilogy is good .
 hi . how are you today ?	i am great . how about you	 i am good too . i am currently looking for a date	what are you looking for in a date ?	 anyone that is not crazy lol . i have not dated since high school	where did you go to high school ?	 in mexico . how about you ?	i went to high school i n boston	 cool ! and what do you do for a living ?	i have been working a amazon for the past seven years . what do you do ?	 wow that is a stable job . i am a handicapper for horse racing	what does that job require on a daily basis ?	 i pretty much bet on horse races	that sounds like a very fun job
 hi there . i am just playing my guitar .	oh , cool ! electric or acoustic ? me , just got back from running to soccer practice	 acoustic . i use it for the soundtrack of my movies .	you are movies ? whoa cool ! you do stuff on youtube or something ?	 no real movies . i won an award at sundance for best lesbian director .	wow . . i did not even know that was a category . ll .	 haha . i dedicated the last film to my father . he just had a heart attack .	awww . . . i am sorry to hear that .	 its ok . he is made a full recovery .	well that is good ! i had a good friend of mine pass away from a heart condition	 oh i am so sorry . heart conditions can come as a surprise .	well , she is was born with it , and knew it was a possibility but . .	 you never fully prepare to lose a friend .	yeah . . . so , what else do you like ? i am in several book clubs and the pta . .	 i was in the pta when my kid was younger . its very time consuming	oh , you can imagine , i have got three of them to juggle . . .
hello how are you today ?	i am doing ok . how about you ?	 thinking about what food i want for dinner tonight	yum ! my favorite is chicken parm . whatever you do , not tacos !	 mexican food is my favorite ! uh oh . lol	i can not stand tacos ! other mexican food is ok though . what is your favorite ?	 sushi ! i have to be careful , its easy to eat more than i should	i can understand that . that is why i go to the gym to swim every morning .	 you must feel great ! i want to feel that way	what do you like to do for fun ?	 swimming is awesome . i spend time on makeup and hair tutorials mostly !	hmm . . . maybe i should look into that . i need a hobby now that i am not working .	 it makes me feel good about myself ! how long have you been out of work ?	about 6 months . it can be depressing . what do you do for work ?	 i am sorry . i am a plexus consultant , motivated mostly because i wanna lose weight	that sounds interesting . i am looking to start a diet , but i love chocolate milk !
hello , my name is mr . allergies . what is your name ?	hi i am sniffles . morning people like me should not be up this late .	 thi should be sleep because it takes me awhile to get ready	i do not like to be around animals , they give me allergies and sniffles	 yes i am allergic to cats and dogs to .	i am a early morning kind of person so i am able to go to sleep with no problem	 i can only go to sleep when i have bathed thoroughly . in the morning i shower .	animals get on my nerves and make me sneeze .	 dust and clutter makes me do the same .	only reason i am awake now is my friend brought some pizza , my favorite .	 that sounds good right now . what kind ?	supreme with everything and a few spices of my own . i love pizza .	 i see that . i might order me one . i do not feel like cooking .	dip it in ranch dressing
 i am really from east asia	my old man is twenty years older than i am and we have a good life	 though pizza is what i really like	i prefer wine . not beer	 oh , i italian food , really good	yes my two boys love it .	 wow , you have two boys . how old are they ?	they are ten and eleven and like going to see lots of art .	 you love arts . are you an artist ?	yes not famous but have lots of pictures	 wow , that s an awesome way to really start	thank you . that and touring keeps me busy	 where are you touring right now ?	going to the crocker art place
 i will not travel on the bus	why not ?	 my mother and father are no longer alive	i am sorry to hear that . my mom is , but she is not very healthy .	 i cannot get happiness in small items	so what then makes you happy ?	 i hear tunes for 5 hours a during 24 hours	i hear my neighbors yelling . makes me worry about them .	 i will never sit in the bus	do you have a bus phobia ?	 i will not work more than 4 days in succession	what kind of work do you do ?	 i see happiness in tiny items	earlier you said you find no happiness in small things .
 hello how are you tonight	hello , what is your name ?	 my name is ryan i am at the ymca	hello ryan . i am martha and i am a widow . do you live at the y ?	 i like horror movies and live on the street	i like frank sinatra music and watching spongebob .	 that is an interesting combo do you play piano i do	no , i do not play , but i love to listen if you play oldies .	 i do play oldies and anything else i can	can you play the spongebob theme ?	 i could do that for you for sure	i would like that , and i could eat cheese while listening !	 that would be fun lets do it	okay where do you live ?
hey how is life going ?	its good , i am not married so i have both my kids for the weekend	 oh that sounds like a handful . hopefully they are down for the night ?	they are . we are going to play basketball tomorrow	 ah that is better than my plans of going to a park and swordfighting lol	swordfighting ? you must be into role playing	 haha sometimes . do not think it would be legal for me to do it in reality	i just meant as in some guys still play dungeons and dragons .	 i am a girl i could outdrink any man in mountain dew atleast haha	i have not drank in several years but i use to out drink a man	 well that is good for you . drinking is not the healthiest thing in the world	right but it makes things fun at times	 haha true . i love getting drunk and watching alien movies	i like anything scary really
 hello how are you today ?	i am doing well , how about you ?	 i am doing okay taking a break from homework	are you in college like me ?	 yeah i am studying japan even taking a class in their language	that is really cool ! do you think you will go there ?	 hope so my class is taking a trip there end of the year	that is awesome , you will have a lot of fun i am sure .	 yeah i am just hoping i can come up with the money	yes , i had to take out student loans to get money to travel abroad . yuck .	 that is rough but after school maybe you can pay it all off	yeah , i sure hope so . do you play any sports ?	 no i am to much of a nerd to be any good at them	oh , do you like vintage cars ?	 yes they are pretty cool	i have an old mustang that i fixed up myself .
 hello ! i am at work in the coffee shop . do you work ?	hi . well , sort of . i am in a band . been playing with them for two years .	 cool . do you live at home ? i live across the street from my parents .	that is cool . no , i moved out . my dad was a mechanic . . . you like music ?	 i love music ! all genres .	cool . have you heard the band hop along ? they are pretty good .	 no . but speaking of likes , reading true crime books is my passion	interesting . are you reading one now ?	 no . grad school is taking up all my time . i am in it now .	haha . so maybe grad school is your passion ? take a true crime class ?	 no . it is something i have to do . i love reading those books about true crime	oh , ok . guess i should have said forensics class .	 do you like coffee ? caramel cappuccino is my favorite drink .	well , i never turn down a hot cup . especially during rehearsals .	 you should come to my coffee shop . i love working there !	sure , i will visit . get some caramel cappuccino ! i am down for that .
 i am a barbie girl in a barbie woooord	wrapped in plastic , its fantasticccc	 you can brush my hair , call me nancy if you care	where do you work barbie ?	 being a working girl is hard , that is why i am not . you ?	i made my own business	 oh yea ? interesting . so do you work with your siblings ?	yeah an i have a timeshare at mexico	 wow . i wish i had siblings . . . but its always been just me .	do you like food then ?	 yes ! nancy has got to eat too .	i eat sushi all the time
 how are you doing today	i am doing okay . meeting my friends in a little while . love being a social butterfly	 do you have a lot of friends	i do indeed . meet them all at college and when i swim	 are you on a swim team	wish i had time for that . i do exercise every day though	 what do you do for exercise	swim , run , those types of things , but then i always eat big meals so . . . haha	 what do you like to eat	just about everything . i eat a lot	 i love food as well .	what else do you love ?	 i love animals a lot	do you have any animals ?	 i have two dogs and a cat	cool , what are their names ?
 hi how are you doing	hi . . i am good . . how about you	 i am good do you like sports	i love yoga and sports too	 i play basketball in my free time	i am a fan of hockey	 do you like to listen to music	i like rock music . . i am fan of elvis	 that is cool i like religious music	where are you from now ?	 i am from tennessee where are you from	i am from memphis tn	 that is cool we are close	what do u do fr living ? ?
 hi cooking ribs cause they go well with mangos	i enjoy fishing . i should get some fish for you to cook	 i love to snorkel so water is my second home	if you get hurt while snorkeling and need a lawyer , you should call my mom .	 i would do that if iphones were waterproof	lol ! ! do you have kids ? i have five	 no just some komodo dragons i caught	are you a student like me ? i go to school every day of the week	 no i recently graduated college	congratulations ! what did you study ?	 i studied computer programming and when studying i listen to gary numan	that is so cool ! i am an intern at a computer company . gary numan sounds like noise .	 exactly why it kept me focused	lol . you are quite the comedian . i do not think you really listen to gary numan	 his song cars is ironic	i have never heard it . what is that song about ?
 hi how are you doing ?	i am good actually . how are you ? any plans today ?	 i am going to bring my dog to the park	lucky . i have to get things ready for tonights group event .	 whats your event that youre having	a group of us parents are going to an opera tonight .	 that is fun i wish i had more friends i just hang with my dog	well , dogs can sometimes be better friends than people .	 that is very true they are so loyal	they are . i have two of my own and i love them to death .	 i love mine too what other hobbies do you have	i love working on my car actually . only on weekends though . you ?	 i sometimes help my dad in his butcher shop	do you get free steaks or meats ?
 i am into comics and making them too	what kind of comics do you read ? i so stoke about this football game	 i try to get it to publishers but always rejection	my friends are coming by to watch with me . we eat and drink and have fun .	 i draw whatever and try to put it in the internet	t is so much fun you ought to come by some time	 yes it is true and	so come have fun with us	 where are you from though	i am from north dakota	 do you like it there though	take what there ? no it is where i live	 do you like it where you grew up	it is not too bad and its very serene	 so you been to different places ?	not so much what about you ?
 hi how are you today	great , just got back from the gym . how are you ?	 did you go swimming ? i am good	nah , i like the weights . get my music on , lift heavy stuff .	 do you eat pasta after ? gotta carbo load	no carbs for me . you work out , too ?	 yeah i love being outside too	yeah , i grew up in the south , lots of outdoors there . you ?	 yeah do you like music	the head banging kind ! lol what do you like ?	 britney spears ooh baby baby	hey . where are you from ?	 not sure really , who about you	southern us , mostly kentucky . its a great area .	 i bet . country roads take me home	hey , i thought you liked britney ! lol john denver , right ?
 what are you doing right now ?	babysitting my siblings , i am the oldest of five kids . how about you ?	 very nice . just about to go run around the block . i need my exercise	cool , have you ever been to the beach ? i have not but want to .	 no i do not , but i should go to rock my bikini body	do you have any pets , todd , my parrot is my best friend . he talks .	 no pets , but that is really cool !	wish i had a bikini bod , i am a fat disappointment and my family tells me .	 oh no you are not ! i bet you would be pretty if you put on makeup	have you ever been rock climbing ? i am pretty good at it , even being fat .	 no , i am too caught up in my looks . i have a great smile and love makeup	this conversation makes me giggle , thanks for making me laugh !	 i like to make people laugh . everyone wants to be my friend	you and your big bag of makeup !	 yes . i can make anyone look pretty	sounds good to me , i like looking good and laughing !
anyone there for a quick chat before i watch the tonight show ?	yes i am here . tell me about yourself !	 if i visualize something strongly enough i can manifest it . call me magic !	okay magic what do you do for work ? i am a receptionist for a lawyer	 caveat . i have not been able to make out with a woman yet . but working up magic !	you should go where women are like the nail salon . i get mines done every saturday	 good idea but not sure how many of them are into making out with other females	ha ! maybe try the wrestling world . i love watchin we secretly	 i do not watch www . i tend to go trashy by reading tm and perez hilton	hey there is just as much drama on both so i do not blame ya .	 its safer to keep convos about other people on internet vs in person !	but then there is the nifty screenshot nowadays so you cant deny it	 what do you mean by a nifty screenshot ?	talking about ppl on the internet . screenshots proof lol cant deny anything
finally a moment to myself ! the kids , the dogs , the doctors , uhhhg .	sounds like you have had an exhausting day !	 typical day . get the oldest off to school , youngest to doctor , then dash to my classroom !	you must be a teacher ! i watch precocious kids at a daycare , so i feel you	 i am . and i love it . but caring for dogs , my kids , students . sometimes too much !	you need some time to be pampered . that always helps me feel better .	 calgon , take me away ! calgon ? you there , calgon ? ? ? ;	ahahah ! calgon is only so effective . that is why i have a boyfriend . to massage my aching feet	 i just need a break . . . from my youngest autism . . . bad me ?	i do not even blame you . i am actually pretty admirable of all the juggling you do	 well . . . well i feel guilty about that . . . but its the 2am truth sometimes .	i have had some late nights studying with friends where i admitted some harsh truths .
 hi how are you doing	not great , my fibromyalgia is acting up . you ?	 i did not get a call back after my addition better luck next time	i wish i still lived in va , pa is rough	 what do not you like about it	the winter is hard on my fibromyalgia .	 ah i see what brought you to pa	growing up on a farm , it is different	 i see do you want to continue the farm life forever ?	i wish ! what do you do for fun ?	 i really like to cook i tried out for a cooking show	cool ! i do beadwork , in fact i write my own patterns .	 that is pretty cool do you make jewelry	yes , and i love to read ! are you an actress ?	 no the audition was for the cooking show	i see . i still have boxes to unpack !
 hello how are you today ?	i am great . do you like animals ?	 i love animals especially my pet dragon	cool . a dragon sounds fun . i am more of a dog and cat lover	 those are also a lot of fun	yes they are . i live with them in my house .	 i enjoy wearing my suspenders when i pet my dragon	suspenders are a big fashion statement . how old are you ?	 386 and love ink stains on my clothes	wow . you are old . i am 10 .	 you are very young alos	yes , i live with my mom and dad . who do you live with ?
 dude , the description is actually me , how do they knowwwwww .	droopy , he is a beagle , that is what i call him , he is a beagle .	 where are you from ? i am from mi	you can watch obama on youtube now , i enjoy that !	 are you really a robot	adobe acrobat ? , no , i use only third party apps thankyou very much	 why , in the night sky , are the lights hung ? can we please talk like real people ? ?	shrimp , barbeque sauce , yes , love it , that is for dipping !	 what color is your hair ?	chatruse . eating pumpkins is the second most enjoyable way i use them !	 ew that is so gross . pumpkins are nasty .	yes , i can enjoy these pumpkins , very nasty !
 hi how are you tonite ?	hi , i am good . what about you ?	 what do you do for a living ?	i do data entry and really enjoy it .	 i am 30 still living at home trying to open my own business	i am 45m i am married and would love to start my own business .	 you too ? what kind of business ?	i am a really great cook , so i would prefer a restaurant .	 mee too . where are you from ?	i am from chicago , illinois but i now live in wisconsin .	 so when do you think you will open one ?	i am really not sure if it will ever be possible .	 www that suck , why not ?	all of our income goes to raising our kids right now . its so expensive .
hi , want to go running with me ?	haha sure . i typically do zumba but running would be a nice change	 do you happen to be single ?	yes i am . no lover in sight . you ?	 i am , i want to have a boyfriend , but my relationships never end well	why do you think that is ?	 i am really unsure .	do you collect anything ? better than boyfriends	 baseballs . i like sports a lot .	i collect rocks and anime characters	 do your rocks smell funny ?	they smell like beans , which i love the smell of	 hmm i do not know what that smells like .	yummy and delicious . you should smell them
 i am such a hippie . long curly red hair , i recycle and drive a big blue van .	well aint that something . do you have a favorite band ?	 i have a lot so i will just pick deep purple to go with my blue van .	you may not hear this elsewhere , but i am proud of you for doing what you love	 well thank you and peace on earth and god bless you too .	thanks buddy . me ? i am stuck at a job i cant leave	 yes you can ! let your hair grow long and they will fire you .	haha i wish but i got a kids to provide for . luckily he is a genius	 all of us hippies have long hair . nobody does today . not even women .	that is what my son always says . he is got long hair just like you	 if he is a genius then he loves to recycle like i do .	he is into all that stuff . what else are you into ?	 does he have any tattoos yet ? i have two .	he is 12 . what kind of tattoos do you have ?
 hey there how are you ?	hi . i am doing alright . how about you ?	 i am doing well , just cooking	what are you making ? do you have any tips ? i need to learn to cook .	 pasta , i am just naturally a good cook . do not be afraid of spices	i am packing to move to my new apartment . i am scared and excited .	 is this your first time moving out	yes ! and i am bringing my cat .	 what is your cats name ?	socks is his name . he is black and white .	 that is a cute name . do you like any sweets ?	yes . do you make those too ?	 yeah cookies at least , but i buy all the ice cream i eat	what do you do for work ?	 i go to college right now , so really my parents buy my ice cream	oh nice . i have a job editing books . it really is my dream job .
hi , how are you doing today ?	i am doing very good , what about you ?	 pretty good thanks . i am a car salesman , what do you do ?	i am a writer , i go to the beach and writer , when weather is okay	 sounds nice . i go shoot hoops after work , i love to play . basketball .	really sounds like fun , i run on the beach for exercise	 my wife runs after work . she is a hairdresser .	o yeah cool , still looking for mrs right haha , i read alot as well , do you ?	 not much anymore . i do enjoy a few coors though , my favorite beer .	hey me to love some beer and i enjoy a cold coors	 have to have some down time for yourself . life is crazy .	yes it is , good book on the beach and a beer , in another place haha	 that is a good combination . hope everything goes well for you .	o yeah life is good , just have to balance and only do what you cn control
 well hello how are you today ?	good hello how are you today ?	 i am doing fine i am alice , whats your name ?	you can call me bob	 ok bob do you like sports ?	no i would rather play my guitar	 do you play in a band bob	i am the lead singer of the band	 really what is the name of your band ?	the hot dog lovers inc	 that is a strange name for a band	that is funny , i do not get along with my wife	 why does she not like the hotdogs ?	i guess that must be it	 maybe change the name of your band	maybe change your face
 hello hoe are you today ?	good and god bless you ,	 what do you do for a living	nothing i am lost but i trust that god will help me find the way .	 well i am glad to see another believer	i struggle because i can be selfish . what do you do ?	 i am a electrician and i like to run	i can relate i am always running from evil .	 i am always tired because of it i sleep 8 long hours a day	wow i used to do that when i got broken up with .	 yeah brake ups are hard i used to eat so many hamburgers	i do to and burgers are my weakness i never share .	 yeah see i love them so much that i hibernate during winter	you sound like you are a bear . god loves bears .	 yeah i am a very intelligent one to	i still have a broken heart so i am not so smart .
how are you tonight ?	i am okay . trying to chill out while listening to imagine dragons . you ?	 not great . ex wife 3 wrecked one of my ferraris . know any mechanics ?	yikes ! sorry , i do not know any mechanics . is your ex wife okay ?	 yes . i have to act like i care , but i hate acting .	whenever i have to do something i hate i go for a six mile run .	 smart ! what part of town are you in ?	by the river since i kayak often . do you live near any good restaurants ?	 just dairy queen , but i do not like the kids working there . how about you ?	one great seafood place nearby . i always get their crab and dip it in butter .	 that sounds great , especially after kayaking . what other sports do you do ?	just kayaking and running . you ?	 this is naughty , but i drag race my 3 ferrari cars . do you like fast cars ?	nice ! i am more of a yugo type . slow and steady wins the race .	 lol . that was funny . it was nice chatting with you .	nice chatting with you ! have a good night .
hey how are you ? do you live in the usa ?	hi yes i do i am in texas	 i live in brooklyn , new york . ever been to ny ?	i have been to the city . me and my girl have to be careful were we go	 yeah . . . . kinda dangerous . ever travel outside of the usa ?	its cause we are lesbian and people say a lot about it . never been out the usa	 some people are just so close minded . gonna go to visit my friend in japan soon .	that sounds like a lot of fun !	 what do you do for a living ?	i do not work right now i just play video games	 cool ! i am looking for a permanent job . am walking dogs for money on the side	that sounds like its fun i am more of a cat person tho
good day . how are you ?	i am good . looking online about taking a trip to the uk .	 oh really ? there are some great places to participate in horseback riding there !	i have never gone horseback riding . i love to skate though .	 where there are you headed ? i have a house with an indoor rink .	there is a rink near my house .	 that is great ! makes it easier to practice . are you professional ?	no , i wish ! i work for a real estate company . boring !	 you are ? ! i am looking for an agent !	really ? to buy or sell ?	 sell . or buy . i have quite a few houses , and some i just never get to .	oh . what do you do for a living ?	 i am an actress . a list	oh , that is very cool .	 not to brag or anything . what sorts of homes do you work with most often ?	anything , but beach homes are my specialty .
 how are you doing this evening	i am tired . long day at the gym . haha	 haha i strive for perfection so i go to gym everyday , i feel your pain !	yeah . i go regularly . i listen to my favorite band metallica when i work out .	 that is cool ! i need to take a break from working so hard	all work and no play ! any animals or children ?	 i have a cat that is it , what about you	i have a cat too . his name is george , he is old .	 i love cats so cute and furry	me too . favorite food ? mine is chicken and rice .	 mine is pizza , i am no cook . if it does not come out perfect i keep trying	pizza is good . hard to make . haha	 since i take forever to finish all my daily tasks its easy dinner for me	i see . do you read ? i like a good autobiography before bedtime .	 when i go on vacations i get more reading done , i could use a vacation actually	a vacation sounds like a good idea to me !
 hello ! how are you today ?	hello , listening to prince and working out , you ?	 i am at work tutoring . i do not have any clients at the moment .	what subject are you tutoring in ?	 math and english mostly , what do you do ?	i do a little of everything , mainly translation . i speak german and spanish .	 i took latin in high school but forgot most of it .	i am puerto rica and chinese , born in germany . languages are my thing .	 but you do not speak chinese ?	its a difficult language to learn . especially when you moved to the caribbean as a child	 that sounds fun . i have never lived anywhere besides the us east coast	were you impacted by the hurricane ?	 luckily no . i am up in virginia . were you ?	no , i was in cali for a action .	 oh wow , it was nice to meet you !	you too , have a wonderful day .
 good evening . how are you doing	i am well how are you doing	 very well thank you . i just came in from work	o cool i work in a hospital as a surgeon what do you do for work	 i catch fish . i work for a tuna company .	i love tuna it is brain food	 that is what they tell me . are you a brain surgeon ?	sometimes i work on brains but i work in a trauma center	 that must be very interesting and also very intense .	i was made for this	 i do not think i could have handled that much schooling	the debt after is harder	 can i ask how much debt you are in from going to med school ?	ok is it so college a in works wife my but thousand hundred two over	 i am confused as to what you just said .	over two hundred thousand but my wife works at a college
 hi how are you today	doing good . enjoying the wide open space of my land .	 do you have flowers there ?	well i like to grow food and have a good local supply .	 ooh what is your favorite flower ?	yellow roses if the 10 alpacas i have do not eat them .	 mine is a regular old red rose	my home is on 5 acres so i have room to grow red and yellow roses	 kiss from a rose by seal is my favorite	ahh . so you are a music lover .	 yeah i also like cooking	great , i keep busying on the land but also find time to be on the city council .	 what does your mom do	my mom was a bookkeeper for a small rv store .	 mine was a school teacher	and what do you do ?
 hello ! it is gorgeous corvette weather here .	it sure is , the factory i used to work for made boxes for corvette parts	 cool . i probably got a box from you . mechanics get lots of boxes . lol .	probably so ! i recently started working for enterprise online	 the rental car place ? i love surfing . you ?	i have never been surfing but used to do alot of traveling across the us playing guitar	 musical . cool . california has lots of music people around towns .	i love california ! lots of good food there	 i agree . plus , you can bring your dog everywhere .	that is for sure , i have gone to a few restaurants that allow pets , we both love meat !	 lol . my german shepard is name ike . you have dogs ?	yes ! i have a cat named kiwi	 cute ! i like cats too . how old is kiwi ?	he is 5 , i like dogs too but i am more of a cat person	 no one is perfect i guess . lol . ike is 9 . he is getting old .	dogs live a long time though so you should have many more years with him
 hello how are you today ?	fine thanks ! how about you ?	 i am well . are you a student ? i am in college .	nope , not a student . whats your favorite season ?	 i do not have one . what do you do for work ? i work daycare .	not working . i love to relax . i love summertime !	 are you in a relationship ? i have been in the same one for two years .	not right now . sorry it takes me a while . i use one hand to type .	 that is alright . what do your parents do for a living ?	my dads a nature expert . and i am crazy for butterflies .	 my mom is a teacher and my dad is a dentist . that sounds awesome .	do you have a favorite superhero ? i love the flash most !	 if i needed to pick i would pick ironman .	that is a good one . i like robert downey jr a lot .
 hi , listening to some tunes on my red iphone , how about you ?	the are five children in my family . i am oldest . how many in your family ?	 just me and my parents	my pops teaches school . i am his oldest child . what tunes you listening to ?	 some r b classics . what are you up to ?	my sister is in grade one . are you a student ?	 nope . . . i travel around the world	wow ! i write short stories . i am published . are your parents married ?	 yes they are , are yours ?	no . where have you travelled to ?	 europe , asia , brazil . just about everywhere	oh okay . i am not the tallest sibling . are you ?	 how tall are you then ?	six four . i have three brothers . are you a student ?	 no . are you a student ?	no . i have one sister . she sings first grade songs . you live at home ?
 hi there , how are you	i am good how are you	 good . just got in from work . i am a receptionist at the doctors office	i clean a lot of homes , but i need the money	 i am sorry , i did not get your name . i am mary	i am ryan and it is nice to meet you	 thank you . you in school , ryan ?	i am not in school are you	 yes , full time studying radiology on top of my office job . very busy	i imagine you are i am so busy too	 yes , i spend my weekends studying and looking over client files .	i just work on my wood work and make couches and stuff	 i wish i could do more than all the paperwork and incoming calls at work	i understand that my dad was a cop and always had paper worl
hello , would you like to go swimming ?	yes , very much . we can swim at my giant house .	 i hope your pool is outside and not inside since you have a giant house .	i have both , my mansion is dope son .	 great . i much prefer being outside . i will bring my favorite music .	i hope it is rap , i am the freshest mc in all the land .	 i listen to britney spears . all . day . long .	i cannot hang with you then . i am straight up og .	 i will bring my pink swimsuit , my pink towel , my pink beach ball . . .	now we are talking . i can pick you up in my amazing sports car .	 fun ! does it go fast ? the sooner i can swim the better .	it is a ferrari ! it is a pink one too . i am in japan though .	 i can swim in japan . i would love to ride in your pink ferrari .	i bet you would . are you good looking ? i only hang with hotties .	 i will answer if you let me bring my brit cd	i guess so , i am a compromising og rapper .
hello stranger , tell me a bit about yourself !	hello there i am a single male who lives in the south	 i rent a apartment in queens . what do you southerners do for fun ?	i love video games it breaks me away from what i do for work	 i play soccer to get away from the grind of finance . do you play any sports ?	sadly not since high school but i do guitar when i have time to myself	 whistling as i walk to work is about as musical as i get .	ahh well its something my work is very quiet i work with medicine in a plant	 lol . . . i smoke my plants as medicine ! ; d	well i do as well but i put it the way we say it at work	 ou have to abide by those darn rules everywhere , i guess ! ; p	hence i netflix and chill or game and chill lol	 i hear ya ! i talk to strangers in the internet to kill time ! p	yeah do not we all hence xbox live is funny proof is on youtube twitch videos	 we live in the age of idiocracy !	exactly only the 1 can do what it wants the rest are just ants
 i have a full time job in data processing	ah , interesting . is it enjoyable work ?	 pretty much interesting but i like music to get my creative juices going	well , i would like music , i think , except i am deaf .	 well that would put a dent in the latest rap music which i like so much	ha , a little bit . i am a big reader though . i love books .	 cool . i also like to eat a lot of meat as well while listening	sounds good . another interesting fact i have not learned how to drive a car .	 you have saved a lot of money by not driving . ll	true , true . do you have a favorite number ? mine is 7 .	 mine is 62 because that was the age i retired at	good choice . is it nice to be retired ?	 at first not so much because i missed the action . but now , its ok	this is random but occasionally i scratch my nose for fun .
 hey there like to work out ?	i love to go to the gym and play games	 i do to for zumba	what is that like ? i have never heard of it .	 i love to smell the coffee at the mall	i like that smell too	 like dragon ball z ? i like them all	i do not know what that is	 like rocks ? why not collect them they cute	that is a different way to view things	 yea it is lol how old are you ?	i am fifteen going on sixteen	 oh okay cool , happy sweet 16	thank you i appreciate that
 hi how are you today	just listening to lincoln park here . ok . you ?	 where do you work at	i do not . i am autistic and have issues sometimes .	 do you play any music then	not really . but somehow arcades still are ok for me .	 yeah they are lots of fun	yeah , it is . what do you do ?	 i play music a lot	it is only lincoln park for me .	 yeah sad about their singer	it is sad . i hope that those things stop happening to people .	 i agree depression is tough	yes . they need to figure something better out for that .
 hi , i am a factory worker , and you ?	i am a karate instructor and love it	 i always get to work early as i do everything .	i have earned a brown belt and also like to sing in the choir	 wow , those are opposites i think ll	yeah for sure ! i also like helping my grandmother make jewelry in my spare time	 i like to be a jokester , but i am not very good at it .	i love a good joke or comedy movie	 my biggest aspiration is to be a changer of the world .	great goal to have ! i enjoy going mushroom hunting with my paps	 what kind of mushrooms are yall looking for ? lol	you have to be very careful because they can be poisonous paps knows it all	 that is true well got to go , take care	have a good evening and stay safe
hi , tell me a little about yourself !	i am frank and i like reading ang biking	 cool ! nice to meet you frank ! what do you do for work ?	i am a manager at albertson	 cool ! i own my own company . do you have family	what kind of company ?	 it . i do not work often though as i take care of my child .	where are you from ?	 united kingdom , and you ?	usa	 cool ! so what are your hobbies ?	reading mostly	 what sort of books are you into ?	horror !
how are you doing today ?	i am good , what about you ?	 just eating a salad . it is part of my diet	what do you usually like to eat with your salad ?	 i like tofu , lettuce , cheese , cucumbers , tomatoes , corn , and eggs	that is a big combination . do you like to paint ?	 i am not much of an artist . i do love music . what about you ?	have you ever written any songs ? i like to draw and paint on my free times .	 no i just listen to music . jazz is my fave	is there a reason why jazz is your favorite ? do you like other genres ?	 i just find it very relaxing . i do like other kinds but not as much	i see , what are your preferences in girls ?	 i like them nice and beautiful . i am model good looking so i expect it	do you like them more natural ? you must be really handsome then . . .	 i eventually want to work in hollywood . i prefer lots of makeup	were the complete opposite then . i do not want anything to do with hollywood .
 hello , how are you this evening	it is going pretty well getting some work done	 what do you do for a living ?	i work as programmer	 that sounds like an interesting job	yes i like it it allows me to work from home	 that would be so nice ! working in your pajamas all day	not in my pajamas but yes it is nice	 do you have any hobbies ?	not really my ten cats keep me busy	 wow , 10 cats ! that sounds like a cuddly handful	yes they keep me busy	 i really enjoy the outdoors	i do not get to enjoy outdoors much cats are not outdoorsy
 hi , i am jennifer , i am a future businesswoman .	nice to meet you ! i am a nurse .	 that is cool ! my aunt is a nurse , she is wonderful .	very cool ! it is a good job . i work short hours which i love !	 do you have time for hobbies ? i love going to the beach .	i do but i mostly just watch politics . gotta know who to vote for .	 did you vote for trump or hillary ?	i could not vote because i was fixing up my toyota .	 bummer . i am not into politics much myself . . . maybe i am wrong .	who knows . i just need low taxes so i can save up for a new truck !	 what do you want to do with the truck ?	probably just drive it to work at the hospital !	 do you have a family ? i am not married yet .	no i do not but that is ok !	 it sure is , i am in no hurry to get married myself .	same here ! maybe even single for life !
hi how are you today ?	hello , i am doing great . finished up my shift at the coffee shop .	 i just finished my day too , i am a nurse .	i am also a jewelry designer , that is my first love .	 my first loves are my 3 children .	when i have kids , i am going to follow the bible for parenting advice .	 i think that is great ! right now i am struggling with being bipolar .	that is hard . do you go to therapy ?	 i do . its not really helping much . do you like greek food ?	i do not , i prefer italian .	 i absolutely love hummus and pita bread !	i love fries and cheeseburgers . i wish we had an in n out here .	 i used to love in and out burger too !	i wish they would come to my area . all we have is sonic .
 hi how are you today	i am ok , just working at the church , storing food for the poor	 that sounds nice is that your job	yes , but i also grow the tallest sunflowers this side of the mississippi .	 wow how tall are they	about as tall as my twins were when they died . i have 3 surviving children .	 i am sorry to hear that	well , have a suicide pact with my husband so the pain will end soon .	 are you both turning 27 ?	yes , how did you know ?	 because of the 27 club	what is that ? it sounds like something from an agatha christie novel .	 a bunch of famous celebrities died at 27	can you name a few so i can ensure my husband and i join the club ?	 kurt cobain , amy winehouse , jimi hendrix	sweet , my other children will want to join the club too once they found this out .
hey how are you today	hey i am good , i love music and work as a staff accountant !	 what kind of music do you like ?	classical music mostly , anything i can play on my electric violin , yourself ?	 i like all kinds of music . where do you work	i work in new york , you ?	 i do not work my husband takes care of everything	do you play any instruments ?	 yeah i play guitar every once in a while	you will have to teach me sometime , where do you live ?	 i am in texas near dallas	oh nice city i have been there , could not have a fish pond there though	 no you cant . its easy for me cause i do not drive but can stay go places	do you travel to other states often ?
 hey , i am female , my hobbies are sports , cars and video games .	well hey there , i am female as well , i mostly travel and play tennis	 how old are you , i am 14 .	19 , you a chain smokers fan at all ?	 not a chain smoker fan . my 3 best friends live on my block .	that is lucky , i rarely see mine .	 sorry to hear , on weekends we research race cars all day . you ?	i have no life , my mom is pretty much my best friend and my cats	 sorry , my family consists of mom and grandparents , we live together .	for right now , my father is working offshore , so its my mom and my brother	 it is nice to have family around .	sometimes , they can be a little overbearing	 yes , family can be overbearing at times .	do you like any specific sports ?
 hello	hello	 i am looking for fellow video gamers . my personal favorite is halo 3 . what about you ?	sorry i do not play games	 oh , bummer . what about adventure ? i cruse fast on my moped	i am a homebody . i watch tv everyday	 i am a little antisocial also . i can never keep eye contact without looking away !	me too lol	 i like to sing , but only in the shower . scared of what others would think lol	what do you do for a living ?	 professional halo 3 player	really ? how do you get paid ?
good day to you sir	good day , i am a ma am . i have ownership of a music store .	 no kidding , have you heard of itunes ? it will ruin your day .	lol . i got my love of music from listening to my parents sing in church choir .	 i wish i had that positive influence . then maybe i would not ride skateboard .	so i then played in my own band for 17 long years .	 very musical life ! i just have gross orange and blue hair for some reason .	skateboards are fun . i plan to skateboard often when i retire to florida .	 will you still be in a band ?	oh , all skateboarders must have orange and blue hair . that is lovely .	 even in retirement in florida ?	of course ! you only live once , right ?	 absolutely this is true . my clothes are also not great .	why are your clothes not great ?	 they are dingy which is i think a kind of boat ?	no , dingy and ding are pronounced differently but spelled the same .
hi , nice to meet you . my name is jim	hi , my name is max and i enjoy being a guy !	 well i am a guy who drives a prius how about you ?	i do not drive a lot but i do hike and send a lot of time outdoors	 i miss hiking . i work so many hours i have no time .	i do not work , i just watch a lot of shows on streaming services .	 nice . i am forced to watch whatever my wife and kids want to watch	that is crazy . i just eat burritos , my favorite , and watch tv	 i would rather do that they go into a stuffy law firm everyday	wow that is cool , tell me more about you .	 i am a lawyer . i guess one upside is we were able to payoff the house	yeah that is true . what else ?	 i have twins they just turned 3 and my wife bless her stays home	twins ! that is crazy . that is nice of your wife .	 well with all the money i have coming in we can do that .	that is nice . do you have anything else to share today	 no , i am going to get back to work . thanks for the break .	thank you for talking !
hey how are you today ?	i am good how are you	 i am good just making my favorite , burgers , for lunch .	that is funny i work at a burger spot so i do not eat them at home	 i do not blame you . i am a accountant so no dealing with food there . ll	haha what kind of music do you like	 i do not listen much , i would rather play tennis . whats your favorite color ?	i like green what about you	 i love red ! what do you do for fun ?	i play basketball on the weekends	 that sounds fun . i like sports .	sports are great what else do you like
cheers to the weekend ! how are you ?	whoop , happy dance lol ! i am good , how are you ?	 i am well trying to determine which band tee i am going to wear	oh , nice . where are you headed ?	 work , build a few drones , then comic con !	sounds like a lot of fun ! i might go for a run , nothing too exciting .	 love techno music its a banger	me too , i love dancing to it !	 cool we gotta party hard !	yes , for sure ! i wish the weekend was longer !	 this 1 was for the holiday	oh , nice . where are you from ?	 the far midwest , how about you ?	i live really far north in a really small town lol !
 hi how are you today	hello , i am miss hall .	 hi how are you today	i cant complain . i am in a wheel chair but i am alive .	 yeah how did that happen	at my job . i fell off the top floor and dislodged two disc	 how is the weather there	the weather here is great . i can go to the park and do laps	 do you have a job	yes . at the museum . i have time to trad more now that i am crip ple	 yeah do they have adequate ramps	they made them for me . not too many people want to be around me .	 and why is that for	i guess i make them feel uncomfortable . i am wheel chair shawty	 yeah that is rude of them	it is ok i am use to it . tell me about you
 hi ! i am obsessed with the brand ford	wow , that stinks , i am so sorry . lol	 it is not too bad ! i own a black f150	just kidding . that is cool . i play music on the side	 cool ! what do you play ?	electric violin . and alot of imagine dragons , i love them .	 very nice ! i am looking to buy a ford car	nice ! what do you o for work ?	 i am a teacher at a high school	awesome . i am an accountant .	 cool ! what do you do for fun ?	i am learning how to garden . you ?	 i go check out ford automoviles	cool . you really love them .
 hello ! how are you today ?	do you ever get boarded with life ?	 i do because i am stuck in a wheel chair	i bet you get allot of attention because of your disability . i envy that .	 i do not get a lot of attention though	you must stick out in a crowd . no one notices me not even my family .	 i am sorry to hear and i really do not get much attention	what kind of music do you like ? i love the classics like boch and mozart	 i do not listen to much music	you do not listen to music ? are you from outer space ?	 do not have a lot of time with my 2 kids	ugh , family ! i have not spoken to my family in years .	 throw tomatoes at them since they are disgusting	ha ! that would make them pay attention to me for sure !	 and make them covered in red	you say such strange things . youre cool . are you sure your not an alien ?
hi there , have you ever been to mexico ? i am from there	hey there how are you today ?	 i am great , especially since i will be baking a huge batch of cookies	no i have not always busy	 do you have any pets ? i walk both my cats every day and love it	watch an sports ? i have made people some moneeeeyyyyy	 really ? i like boxing , very popular where i am from in mexico	no pets just a small business owner	 what kind of business do you own ?	yes its popular here also , whose your favorite ?	 canelo alvarez is my favourite . what about you ?	all these crazies are gamblers	 i am not a gambler but sometimes i sell my baked goods . i love it	i am so exhausted goodness gracious the weather got me
 how are you doing tonight ?	i feel very happy , my dog is keeping me company .	 our dog is sick right now .	that is too bad . i would be worried sick if my fluffy pants got sick .	 fifi has an enlarged heart . she is old .	oh my , you must be beside yourself . i do hope she gets better .	 the vet says she may not make it until the end of the year .	i always say the wrong things . i am sorry for your loss . . i mean . .	 she has been a wonderful dog but no more !	i am never know the right things to say to this kind of news .	 my daughter is going to school to be a vet . we love animals .	i hope she does not party and drink like the rest of them .	 well , i hope so too . lol . . . she is a great kid .	i never drink . some say it might loosen me up but i do not think so .	 i do not drink either .	i get too self conscious as it is . only place i let loose is singing in the shower .	 i hope you and fluffy have a wonderful week !	love to fifi , enjoy the rest of her days to the fullest .
 hi ! a proud apple intern here . how are you doing ?	i am doing well . i own a cattle farm .	 ok , so i should avoid the nerdy techie speak then . is it a big farm ?	i am guessing you are not very good at your job , or you would know farmers rely on tech .	 i apologize ! please educate me . what tech do you use ?	i have dogs and cats . do you have any pets ?	 no , no time for pets right now , but i am into fishing !	my wife and kids like to fish , we have a cabin cruiser we take on lake michigan .	 do you parents also live on the farm with you ?	no , they reside in australia on their own cattle station .	 nice ! so you both have farms ! my mother is a lawyer . i wo not be .	cattle stations run different there than cattle farms in the us do .	 how so ? do you go and visit them often ?	we do , to check out their latest bulls to see if they are compatible with mine .
 hello there ! how is your life going ?	life been good still livin u ?	 chirp chirp ! did you think i was a bird ?	that is funny but no i did not	 danit . i have been told that i have lifelike bird calls	i think it may be the texts that throw it off	 maybe . do you read any good books ?	i read when i am able to find the time	 ya i stay busy too . . . making clothes . . . for myself	you make your own clothes	 yes . yes i do . and i look fantastic in them	wow makin clothes sounds so creative	 i am . i make clothes and talk to birds	wow i can see the future
hey , tell me a little about you	not much interesting . . a normal guy who love to ski	 cool . i am just in a rut right now .	where are you from now ?	 miami florida , how about you ?	i am from boston ma . . . how is the irma stuff going in florida ? ?	 its terrible in certain parts	i had a friend in houston . . it was prettybad with last once	 yeah and my girlfriend is not being too supportive	is everything fine with your place ?	 yep so i want to spend money on procedures and she wants to save for the storm	lol . . . that is not cool . . hm	 unfortunately not but she loves me and i love her lol	i like ur attitude . . good luck
hey hows it going tonight ?	i am alright . how about you ?	 tired ! i need to go to bed ! i teach first grade so i am up early !	wow , but it must be fun to teach children	 well , i also have a 3 yr old so i am always around kids	that is nice . i have an apartment . do you live in a house ?	 i sure do ! i just painted ! purple ! ! my fav ! so tell me about you .	that is cool . i live in maine and have 4 animals . you ?	 oh i love maine ! i am pretty boring . teach during the week and church on the weekends .	that does not sound too bad . can you whistle ?	 unfortunately , no . what about you ?	nope , i cant figure it out	 yeah , it sounds like it would be easy but its really not !	it is lame because i have a dog , it would help if i could	 what type of dog ? i have a doodle .	a big newfoundland . he is silly
hello , my name is john and i am a elementary school teacher .	hello ! my two children are in elementary school . whats your favorite food ?	 i like pizza , and yours ?	pizza is good , i think anything mexican is my favorite though . any other hobbies ?	 well , i like to shop . what are your hobbies ?	the animal clinic i work at keeps busy , in summer i live on social media	 oh , nice . where do you live ?	we moved near the beach so i can enjoy my summers more . you ?	 my parents are from japan and i reside in toronto , canada .	do you have any children ?	 yes , i have four , and you ?	just the two for me . one boy and one girl . they love mexican food too
 hello , how are you ? i just got home from playing racquetball at the gym .	that sounds like fun . do you have any pets ?	 i do have a pup , he is amazing .	animals are fun ! i like to be all alone with my cat because people are over rated	 i agree , that is why i watch a lot of tv .	i like to sew and i wait tables . i lead a pretty boring life i guess	 i eat italian and read poetry , lol . i am boring too	we need something in our lives beyond cats and dogs !	 have you read middlesex ? i love forensic files and jeopardy .	you . . need whiskey . or something	 i do not drink alcohol and i am a vegetarian .	then . . you need whiskey and a big steak !	 i prefer a nice eggplant parm and manicotti	ok ok i could handle the eggplant . as long as it was seasoned well !	 mine always is . the secret is in the cheese .	i love cheese ! almost as much as steak and whiskey !
 hi , how are you today ? are you up to anything fun ?	i am fine , may go golfing	 where do you live ? i live in the suburb near a major city .	i live in a rural area , i am also a poet	 are you also a teacher like i am , or do you just read or write poetry ?	not a teacher , i write poetry , am involved in a gun club	 do you have any children ? i have three . two boys and a girl .	no children but i have a fish !	 do you like gardening ? i do , i like seeing the fruits of my labor .	sounds nice ! i like to donte to homeless people	 have you graduated from college ? secondary english education is what i graduated with .	yes i graduated , in writing and poetry	 that is awesome . maybe one day i can teach some of the poetry you have written .	that would really be great !
 hello . how are you doing today ?	i am great , just finished working on the farm	 sounds great ! i bet my dog would like it on a farm !	sure would he can chase all my chickens lol	 he is pretty well trained . . . going to be my ring bearer next week .	awww how sweet . that is the definition of good dog	 my family agrees . . . wish they would agree on my fiance too , though .	you can not help who you love . eventually they will get over it	 have you ever been to niagra falls ? that is where the honeymoon will be .	yes i have been , it is beautiful	 we are going to be married locally but travel afterwards .	sweet . hope you have a happy marriage	 what has been your favorite travel spot ?	africa and what is yours ?	 i would have to say all of the western us mountain ranges are nice . . .	i bet it is a lot of sights to see
 hello how is your day going ?	it is going well . just got in from work stocking shelves at walmart	 nice i just got off my shift at mcdonalds .	cool , you like muse ? they are my favorite band	 actually never heard of them . i am more into movies . star wars is my favorite .	my father loves star wars . when he is not working as a mechanic , he watches those	 awesome so what do you do for fun ? my spare time is spent on football practice	well i like being vegan , and i am mainly working saving for college in 3 months	 any plans for a major ? i am thinking game design since i am a hardcore gamer	i am always changing my mind , but that sounds fun !	 i just hope that they will let me have my iguana in the dorms .	i hope so for you too !	 maybe some day i will create a game about iguanas , combine my two loves	you should ! put your own stamp on a game	 so what is it like being a vegan ? is it hard ?	it has its days , but i think it is so worth it !
 hi , how are you , how is day ?	trying to get a job i so broke anyway how you doing	 what is your favorite dish ?	like the color green and eye sight bad	 all the best for searching job , i working in office	well i got a book show today going to go see my favorite	 i like gaming what is your hobbies ?	like to work make money like the green	 i like green and blue color , what is your favorite color	i just like to wear contacts used to be made fun of	 i like indoor game , what is your favorite game ?	getting tired you sure you awake ?	 great , i am from ca , where are you from ?	usa and how you like ca ?	 i like very much ca , are you married ?	mother has a mindset not like mine
 hello ! i just got home from work .	hi what kind of job do you have	 i am a stocker at the grocery store .	that is cool how long have you been doing that	 i started last january . back when i became a vegan .	that is cool do you like sports	 not really . i like to spend time on the farm . do you like sports ?	i play soccer on the weekends	 that is a good sport . how long have you been playing	casually for the past few years	 you should consider becoming a vegan . it is very healthy .	i have thought about it do you have pets	 i help take care of the animals on the farm . but no pets of my own .	how long have you lived on a farm	 i just volunteer there . i live in an apartment .	i see that is so nice of you
 hi . . . how are you doing today ?	i am great . fishing all day . how are you ?	 i am doing ok . . . i just wish my girlfriend would stop threatening to break up with me	my father died when i was two , which is much worse .	 i watched a movie about something like that it was by john grisham	i hope it was about spring , i love spring . what do you hate ?	 i really hate having to put on pants everyday	i love wearing pants . i also love to win .	 my parents were like that when they were in politics	i am the only blue eyed person who hates politics . where are you ?	 i have brown eyes . . politics can really take the goodness out of you while you are involved	it can , politics killed my father , when i was two .	 have you ever tried reading a john grisham book i do not care for them	his books are too mainstream for me . i like fishing books .	 i really like his movies just not his books	my blue eyes love watching movies . do you have a job ?
 good morning , i am an older woman with a love for basketball . you ?	so you love sports ? how about football . i love watching it on tv	 pretty good sport too . love spend family time that way hobbies ?	i love to dance to country music , and i am a hunter ! you ?	 i listen to mostly religious music and i am not a big talker , stay at home mostly	maybe you should come hunting , we do not talk much whilst we go . just enjoy meat afterward	 sounds like a blast . do like my meat and potatoes ,	me too ! ! ! throw on some good country music and you gotta hoedown	 right ! where are you from	from tennessee , how about you ?	 indiana , good ol country girl	what else do you enjoy ?	 hiking , fishing , and star gazing mostly quiet activities	we sound like we would get along .	 sure do what do you like	outside of hunting , football , and country music , not too much . haha
 hi i am sarah . what is yours ?	hello there . my name is lucy . how are you ?	 i am good . i am watching tennis . tennis and golf are my favorites	that is awesome . i am looking up vegetarian recipes .	 i did that with my 5h grade students near oak ills , ny	awesome . what did you cook with ? my favorite is apples .	 anything i can . i read cookbooks while relaxing by the lake on weekends	that is cool . do you cook with the skin of the apple ? i love it .	 yes , my family loves it that way .	nice . i myself am single at the moment .	 i will happen soon for you .	well thank you . do you have kids ?	 yes 3 boys , 23 , 22 , and 16	very cool . well i have to get back to cooking . you have a great day .
 hello . how is your day going ?	not too bad its nice on the west coast and yours ?	 it is going good . what do you do for work ?	i work in retail how bout you ?	 i own a small business that gives gamblers information .	oh nice are you a pet owner ?	 i own a few dogs . what about you ?	i have one she is spoiled	 they should be spoiled . what do you do in your freetime ?	i try to catch a movie when i am free you ?	 i like to go to concerts when i can .	what type of music do you like ?	 i like current bands like imagine dragons and linkin park .	cool i am a rock fan
 hello , how are you doing today ?	i am good . getting ready to work in the casino	 fun ! winning is fun but losing ? i hate that !	i just deal blackjack . so seeing people lose is common	 that is why i fish . you always win when you fish love it !	i guess i will win when i become manager at this casino	 wow , ambitious ! when do you think you will become manager ? in the spring ?	yea around spring . my three kids is making me broke	 how many kids do you have ?	3 . i got a statistic degree so i know i can be a manager	 teach them to fish you will never have to buy them another meal !	maybe you could babysit them . they are driving me crazy	 yeah maybe i should but only in the spring its my fav	ok . i going to school in the spring for casino manager
 hi there . wanna chat ?	yes would love to since i do not get out of the house a lot .	 that is too bad . i am super social . i love cooking for family and friends .	oh depression and anxiety is keeping me from doing that .	 i am so sorry . we all have our demons . i am super obsessed with my ex .	oh no . that is not good . my cat helps a lot with my anxiety .	 i like cats . . . but love men more .	oh i wish i had a boyfriend . my brother and dad are so over protective though .	 i would love to have so many men in my life . i must have daddy issues . haha .	oh goodness . i hope i can move out soon from my dads house .	 well maybe you can get a job in publishing like me !	i work in editing . i work at home though . its nice .	 i wish i could work from home !	its really nice . i hope its nicer if i ever move out on my own .
 hi , i had dog food for dinner .	hello ! that is gross ! where do you live ? i am in the mountains	 i drive a quick auto	so do i but , i would rather be biking in the mountains somewhere in vermont	 that sounds so cool relly	yeah , i live there and love hiking as well .	 do you like rock and roll , it is my favorite .	i do but prefer hip hop . i love visiting national parks infact , i been to 12	 that is great i work for a big company	that is cool . i am a huge enviromental activist ! what about you ?	 i just want to watch the world burn while i listen to rock	well i can not say that i blame you there	 i am a fast driver too .	that sounds exciting and fun ! where are you from ?	 i was born on the dark side of the moon	is your name pink floyd by chance ?
 hello , i am currently driving trucks in the south .	i have been at google a long time	 i can not work at google because i own three kids .	you own 3 kids . i have days off	 i wish i had days off because hot wings are the love of my life .	i am a resident of settle	 where is settle ? my life started in a trailer park .	i am sorry . i meant seattle	 where is a seattle ? singing in this lame church choir right now .	choir is not lame . and seattle is up north .	 very lame . my three kids are lame .	i think you have a not so good attitude	 your attitude is that of a chicken wing .	good because i like chicken wings	 let us eat chicken wings and pray .	you go do that . i hope you have a great day
 hello , i am going to be famous tonight .	get out ! me too ! all work and no play make me i will . you ?	 i got to dress up for other people tonight .	hello ? tom here . love pizza when not working out . you ?	 hopefully i will meet one so i never have to cook	meet one what ? i also love calzones .	 a lady . i am an actress and i work at a grocery store	wow ! you know any other east asian toms ? you sing right ?	 i do sing and do you like rap music ?	some of it . i have to diet . do you ?	 yes my favorite is tupac . i wish i was like he was .	do you boo ! you like pizza ? i do ?	 since i do not cook pizza is a must .	i see . did tupac have a line of pizzas ?	 no . i am a vegan so i hate the meat section at work .	you ever tried vegetarian pizza ? its all the rave .
 hi there , how are you doing ?	i am so tired honestly	 walking dead , are you watching it too ?	no , i am just trying to study	 try to read books , to get you relaxed , i like harry potter books	i am reading a nursing book	 or game of thrones , those books are amazing ! the series !	i am not reading this for fun . i am trying to learn .	 how about , maintaining a good diet , try being a vegetarian , it helps me .	i might listen to some music	 this is to help you with your studies , it is effective	i wish i did not have to work tomorrow	 oh no , just relax for now	i will try , what are you up to ?
 hello , how are you today ?	i am well , thanks ! how are you ?	 i am good . just waiting to go snorkeling .	that sounds like fun ! i am waiting for a package to arrive in the mail .	 what kind of package ? is it a gary numan cd ?	it is a new book . i love getting packages in the mail .	 what brand of device are you using	an hp i got for christmas , my favorite holiday . i love the magic in the air .	 if it is not apple then it sucks	my daughter likes apple . i personally do not see the appeal .	 better than anything . . except chasing komodo lizards on a private island	that is quite the fantasy ! i love fantasizing that i am a wizard saving a city .	 it is not a fantasy it is my reality . that is cool	i wish it could be my reality .
 hello how are you today ? my back is hurting terribly today	that is not good , have you tried a chiropractor ?	 yes , but it is so expensive . he did not listen to me about my pain .	a lady in my book club loves acupuncture , maybe try that ?	 where are they located ? i am close to ge plant .	there are a few in pa ! what do you do for work ?	 i am a freelance artist . i take pictures for media .	wow ! that is really neat ! whats your best photo ?	 hmm . probably of some kids and their dog playing in a splash fountain .	very cute ! my kids are into sports , any action photo tips ?	 keep the shutter open for at least 6 8 frames to capture the motion .	ca not wait to use that tip ! i will share with my girlfriends next girls night out !
 hi , are you good at math ? i am horrible at it .	i am not that good either	 aw man , do you like french fries ?	i like tofu and organic rice	 i like tofu but i eat french fries more often .	do you like music at all	 yes , what kind of music do you like ?	muse and indie rock and classical	 nice , i just got a muse sweater , it does not fit me though .	i know the feeling . i just lost all that weight .	 tell me about it , i eat so many french fries that i smell like them .	that sounds like a lot	 i would tell you how much but i am really bad at math .	what kind of math are you doing
how are you doing today	i am good and you	 i am great . i wish it were warm enough to fish .	yeah the fish are hiding	 yeah , it is sad . i should just hang out and listen to music .	yeah do you go to church	 i do sometimes . my wife likes to .	good god is the best	 i do agree with that	nice i am also married	 how long have you two been together	for quite some time you ?	 the same . we met in the eighties .	wow sounds great god bless	 same to you . what do you do for fun ?	i read the bible mostly
hi there how are you tonight ? i am wide awake	i am getting a little sleepy myself .	 i have to work in the morning too i hope i get some sleep	what do you do for work ?	 i build robots . i keep to myself i like that	yea , i want to be speaker , people say i talk too much .	 what do you do now ?	doodle ponies on my binder .	 you must be good at drawing	i mean i am okay , mostly boredom .	 i have to pack a lunch what should i take	some fruits and veggies . i should eat less .	 i got some honeycrisp apples today	those are the best with carmel .	 great idea i have to get some . thank you	not great with braces though .
 hi there . how are you today ?	doing great . and listening to the rolling stones , you ?	 working on a translating job .	sounds cool what language is it ?	 i am a spanish translator for a living . what do you do ?	i work for ibm , i only speak english	 well , i lost my job recently , but i do side work .	that must be hard , but you will find your feet soon	 i had savings , so between freelance and that i am ok .	i am looking forward to retirement , just 10 more years	 that is not that far away ! i want to be an author .	you should it is 2017 , independent authors are on the rise	 yeah , i have been writing some on the side .	you need to look into the kindle store . it is a game changer	 yeah , i know a little about it .	maybe then you can move to hawaii . that is where i am headed after retirement
 hi how are you tonight	wonderful . i have a big slice of chocolate cake and i am ready to dig in !	 that sounds good . what do you do for fun	when i am not chasing my siberian huskies 2 of them ! i like to play the guitar .	 aww those dogs are beautiful . i take my boat out or go to the beach	mmmm chocolate cake with lots of extra frosting . . . oh , sorry , got distracted .	 lol its ok . what do you do for a living	i am a state trooper state of michigan !	 wow thanks for your service i am a trauma doctor at las vegas general	you have a very important job also	 thanks . i enjoy but also hate seeing people hurt	definitely . i am thinking of moving . . . it gets cold here .	 you should go to florida it is always warm there	i was thinking of the state of misery . . . i mean missouri .	 lol your spelling error made me giggle . i just love boating so florida is great	i think it would be cold there too misery .
 big game against the rams tomorrow , but gotta finish this algebra paper first !	how are you doing today	 just a little stressed , our defense has not been good and being a goalie with that is stressful !	oh i am sorry i hope it gets a little better	 its hockey , it comes and goes . at least i have got algebra , this stuff calms me down .	omg i hate math i am not good at it	 haha , its my favorite subject . when i graduate i wanna go to college for it !	i loved english that was my favorite subject	 yeah , all the girls are good at that , makes it easy to find a cute tutor .	i did not need a tutor lol	 i do not either , really . but its a good excuse lol	lol i bet it is	 so what are you up to today ?	cleaning and taken care of my kids	 ah yeah ? how old are your kids ?	11 months and 5
 hi ! swift or katy perry ?	i pick katy perry lol	 well , that is an excellent choice ! what kind of car do you drive ?	i drive a toyota camry . . . u ?	 ford taurus . its a nice car . what do you do ?	i am a legal asst . for a dick boss	 sorry to hear that ! i am in retail .	where are you located in ?	 san fran , ca . what about you ?	i am in river side cali	 what do you like to do for fun ? any hobbies ?	i like to do activist work in my free time
hi ! how are you today ?	hi , how are you ? i am good . i am a single mom of two .	 i am great , thanks ! no kids for me yet , but one day i hope .	do you have any kids ? what do you do for a living ?	 i am a zumba instructor , i love zumba . what is your profession ?	i am a high school literature teacher , but my dream is writing novels .	 awesome ! what do you do for fun ? i like collecting .	i was a writer full time before my husband passed . now , i have to work .	 sorry for your loss . do you still write in your spare time ?	i visit the local cancer unit and read to kids .	 that is wonderful ! i love to volunteer , and cheer people up .	i am big into volunteering . thank you for your kind words .	 you are welcome ! i also like painting , i am not too good but i collect paintings .	i love brightening their day .	 they must love your visits .	i love painting . but , i suck . at best , i attempt water colors .
 do you want to eat some stew ?	no thank you , i do not really like stew .	 what about some nice cheese ?	if i tried to eat cheese my cats would snatch it from me	 we could listen to some frank sinatra	only if you would dance with me	 will you dance with an older woman ?	depends how old , cause i am an old cat lady myself	 around 90 but i stopped counting	at least you can still be up and moving around , that is a good trait	 yes , i like walks to the fridge , for cheese	i prefer longer walks , mainly to other countries to travel .	 where have you traveled to ?	europe , asia , and north america	 asia sounds really cool , and interesting .	i want to travel more there , what country do you want to visit most ?
 hey ! how are you ?	my motor keeps on trucking down the road of life . you ?	 i am alright , but whats with your mom ? i have a short temper i could not take that .	well , my father was a trucker himself . . . rules of the road and all that	 i see . must eat some weird foods on the road . i am a picky eater .	that is why i married my gal . . . and want to goto mexico for a vacation	 mexico is a great and cheap place . do you like music ?	working long hauls across the states is not for the faint of heart	 i bet . it sounds rough . i want to be a teacher .	willie nelson , hank williams iii . . . . all the usual stuff . . . plus thrash metal from norway	 haha well that is quite the mix	teaching is a great thing to do , especially now a days	 yeah that is why i want to do it in the future	right on good buddy , that is a ten niner for my ten 20 . . . you have a good day
how are you this evening	i am good . i just got finished riding my scooter . you ?	 just got off work , i am a realtor at a real estate office	that is cool . i am a red headed step child with bunches of friends	 cool ! maybe we can be friends too	i hope so do you like music	 i love music , singing happens to be one of my favorite past times	that is cool . i am not a fan of music . i do not know why	 what kinds of things do you like ? i love picking flowers especially daisies	i love planting flowers and watching them grow	 that is actually how i fell for my boyfriend , he brought me daisies , he is my boss lol	least he brings you flowers . that is sweet	 yeah some people frown upon it but i love him	it matters what you think . not anyone else	 thank you ! what about you ? do you have a significant other ?	i do i love him as well . he is a pretty good guy
 hi how is your night ? i am just relaxing with my orange cat .	its going good , just cooked dinner and am watching tv . how are you ?	 i am good . i had tacos for dinner , my favorite . what did you have ?	i love cooking and also love tacos ! tonight i made spaghetti and garlic bread .	 sounds good ! funny story , my fiance said i asked for tacos in my sleep last night .	haha ! that is awesome ! whats your cats name ?	 gizmo . she is a tiny cat . 4 . albs full grown .	i bet she is cute . are you guys watching tv too ?	 we are yes , we are watching people of earth .	cool . i am watching game of thrones . do you like that show ?	 i have never watched it before is it good ?	yeah , its kind of over the top sometimes haha but interesting
 hey there how are you doing today	hi ! i am good . what do you like to do ?	 i love to cook ! i am classically trained . any you	i would play soccer all day if i could . and maybe draw , too .	 that is cool . i have a parrot . i named him parrot . he talks alot	haha , that is funny . parrot the parrot . what does he say ?	 he constantly tells me that my mom does not love me . i have no idea why	that is mean ! who taught him to say that ?	 ll i have no idea . probably my mom !	haha ! do you have brothers or sisters ?	 nope born alone in baton rouge . yourself ?	i have a baby brother . he always takes my stuff .	 www babies are cute . we have something in common . baldness	ll ! he is not a baby though , he is 3 .
 hi how are you this evening ?	it is way too late for small talk	 lol do you like animals ? i do more than people i think .	i do not like people . animals and aliens	 cool ! i have many different kinds of pets .	cats . monkey . pigs . pink gorillas	 what do you do for fun ? i enjoy being in nature with the wild life .	i enjoy being in the fish tank	 interesting . i like volunteering at the animal shelters .	i like candy and candy	 candy is good , are you ready for halloween ?	i am jim carrey all day	 yes you seem like quite a character .	a stinky one so much
 hello , i am from portland !	i go running often maybe i will come see you	 you love running ? hiking is more of my thing .	i like it but not in the winter	 what do you do for a living ?	i install electric in companies	 i work as an environmental engineer	that must be very hard work	 it is actually fun . i carry with me a camera and take stunning landscape pictures	those sound beautiful i would love to tag along	 you are welcome . you can even stay at my place a few days , i live by myself	cool i want hamburgers though	 i do not eat those . i am vegan	i was until i tried one
hi how are you doing	hello . i am good thank you . how are you doing ?	 i am good thanks for asking	i am bill , never knew why they call me that when my name william .	 what do you do for a living ?	herd cattle on my little farm . how about you ?	 i am a starving student lol	oh that is no good . parents do not help ?	 no they could care less	sorry to hear . could not imagine not caring for my wife and kids .	 they are not good parents	sorry to hear that . what is your major in college ?	 its ok i am so used to it	should not be use to . i am sure your going to find love in your life .	 i have to be used to it . . . its all i know	well you will learn differently as you grow older .
hi , how are you today ?	i just finished playing my video games	 oh . sounds fun . i am about to go fishing .	join my free time i draw my favorite cartoon character	 oh , that sounds like fun .	yes it is comics in enemy	 oh . what is your favorite type of fish ?	and fish as long as you can eat it	 mine is rock fish . i also like tuna .	tuna where do you usually get it	 from the ocean when i take my boat out .	you do fishing with you siri	 do you have any hobbies ?	i just read comics in anyways
 hi . i only drive toyotas for some reason .	good morning how are you today ?	 good morning . i love pepsi . do you ?	i got a secret it is here in my heart .	 i have one too , i talk in irc but i know not what it is .	what is yours ? i am gay . my parents will freak out i think .	 i thought you were going to say you were in love with me . i am sad .	what ? how would that be ? like video games .	 i like video games . they are fun !	what is your favorite kind ?	 i think your parents will love you no matter if gay or straight .	i hope so , i really love them too .	 i am sure they love you quite a bit .	like comics ? i love to copy them .	 comics are lovely , i think .	lol why do you think ?
 hey , how is it going ?	hey i am good how are you	 good , just watching game of thrones .	that is such a great show	 i like it because they never play sweet home alabama .	haha why do not you like that song	 i just hate it . maybe because i am from there .	ah i see have you heard of the singer jess greenberg	 no , is that your favorite ?	yeah i really like them you should check it out	 maybe i will . are you old ?	i am in my 20s	 do you want to be friends ?	sure that sounds like fun
 hi , how are you today ?	hi ! i am great ! just finished making a huge birthday cake !	 oh cool ! my birthday is soon . i want to go to europe .	that would be fun ! i just started a new career .	 yes ! i would love to go on a cruise ship too . what is your career ?	i am a baker . a cruise sounds like it would be fun !	 i am excited to go dancing this weekend with my boyfriend . do you dance ?	i do . i like to dance to country music ! you ?	 yes ! i need to find new dancing shoes but i wear a size 12 !	oh no ! i use the internet a lot . you could look up shoes there .	 good idea ! weekend are my shopping days but i will search the internet	weekends are good for shopping . i find the internet more convenient .	 it is nice sometimes to avoid the crowds and i can shop in my pajamas lol .	yes ! i love that part ! and no make up !	 yes that is the best . how is the weather where you live ?	it is warm . i cannot wait for winter !
 hey hows life going for you ?	its going good thank you	 what kind of music do you like ?	rap and r b , i hate country tho	 neat , guns and roses is my all time favorite	what do you do for a living ?	 i am an artist , kinda . funny enough i do not wear much color haha . you ?	i am a student . what kind of artist ?	 i design and make tattoos ! what do you do for fun ?	i like camping and hunting	 every day is a good day to wear black . i just love dark stuff	that is sounds kinda gloomy lol
 hi how are you doing	i am well trying to gey my dog to come here but i umm cant whistle lol	 that is funny what kind of dog do you have	a terrier 4 of them	 oh wow that sounds like fun	it totally is fun , do you like magic card games ?	 i do not think i have ever played that	i have 4 of them little dogs lol , me an friends play in my apartment	 do you like to play sports	we play an i make sure we have jello shots , jello my fav	 that is cool where do you live	i live in nyc how about you ?	 minnesota i just moved for work	nice , what do you do for a living ?
 hello ! lets get to know each other !	ok . most people do not like me much . . . i like them anyways though	 i tried to get elected to politics in 2004 , but i guess people did not like me either	aww . i am sure you would have done well !	 aww you are too kind . do you have any hobbies ?	hmm . i work out at the gym , listen to music and volunteer at the local homeless shelter .	 i did auto repair for 6 years , but now i focus on building computers	awesome . that seems like an interesting profession .	 its not a profession , just a hobby . lol .	i see . still sounds interesting though . . . you definitely need smarts	 i guess so . i considered the military when i was much younger , but it was not for me	my father was in the air force and then the coast guard afterward .	 oh wow . it seems he was quite a strong man then	he did two tours in vietnam .
 hello , how are you this evening ?	i am fine , just up grading papers	 i am a teacher too . what subject do you teach ?	awesome ! i teach english , but i really want to be an established writer	 i teach history , my kids and i volunteer with the red cross .	we used to do that before my husband passed away ! i have two girls	 i have two boys , they are a handful	yes ! i can only imagine , its been hard for me since i am raising them alone	 i imagine it is , i am divorced .	sorry to hear that ! must be harder on the kids	 it is okay , they were very young , this is all they know .	yea it was hard for my kids too ! i tell them stories to get by	 i do the same . kids are stronger than we give them credit for .	that is true ! they are tough	 my boys do not miss their father , he does not come around	that is horrible ! he should be ashamed of himself !
 i do not like light color clothing how about you	i do not like to think about it . i do not like variety .	 i hate the hot weather , do you ?	no , i love weather . hey , do you like waiting in lines ?	 cold temperatures are great for me , i hate line	me too , i hate long lines .	 i do not eat go foods	my sister is becoming my mother . i am really confused .	 i am a cashier at the grocery	my sister keeps wondering when i am getting married . it is weird	 and my second job is also a cashier	i work at the bank .
 hi ! who is your favorite super hero ? ?	my favorite super hero is batman	 oh cool , mine is superman	cool , i was thinking the same thing . we are so alike	 what kind of car do you drive ?	i do not have a car , i ride a bike or my unicycle	 oh . i like toyota cars .	is that your preferred brand of automobiles ?	 yep . do you use irc ?	no , as a matter of fact i do not . i see no need for it	 what is your favorite soda	my favorite soda is dr . pepper , what about you	 pepsi . it is soft and bubbly and reminds me of my father	hey , my grandma loves drinking pepsi . please tell me whats so great about it	 t is tasty and delicious and goes great in toyota	lol , you should try doing a pepsi commercial
 hi , my name is john . how are you ?	hi john , i am a little hot right now , how are you ?	 i am actually cold ! do you not have a c ?	i am just outside right now walking my dogs	 i do not have dogs , just horses . i do a lot of saddle riding .	i see a lot of that here in new mexico but i have never done it	 never been to new mexico . i grew up on a cattle farm in rural kansas .	i have never been there	 what about detroit ? that is where i do law enforcement work at .	no i have never been there . i am from nevada , ever been there ?	 never , but my three daughters really want to go .	oh you are a parent ?	 i am . proud father of 3 , my wife and i scuba when the kids are away	that is nice . i never knew my parents . grew up in an orphanage	 i am sorry to hear that . what do you do for fun ?	i walk my dogs and go to pet stores to play with dogs
i am hungry	so am i but unfortunately i am stuck working at churchill museum ha .	wheres that ? is there a good restaurant there ?	no its a museum in orlando , fl its new . there is a grand opening soon .	they will have food at that !	my day is not going too great .	 then it is time to eat meat	if only i had the money and friends . sadly i do not have either .	 you can eat meat with me , red as my hair	haha ! that is cool ! just one problem . i am in a wheel chair .	 so , we will have people bring us huge steaks	that sounds awesome ! thank you !	 do you like computers ?	i do . i am very tech savvy how about yourself ?	 me too . i like repairing busted ones	its so interesting . the way computers work . i hope to own a repair shop .
 hi how are you doing	have you ever seen anyone jump straight up from inside a pool ?	 nope , but i have seen the fall	i jump for democracy and the democrat party	 oh , no . really , but when did you do this ?	last week at the met in new york	 sleeping in with my friends in newyork i love that	great fish market in new york . my favorite !	 fish is healthy right ? i love eating foods that is healthy	i am pretty sure . if not , no one told me ! i only eat fish	 those healthy foods makes my brown hair healthy too	i can see that from here d	 especially during winter and fall my favorites	i love winter ! but i do not miss the cold
hi how are you	doing well , just go out of work . you ?	 getting ready to start my shift in a hour	where do you work , the i am the grocery store .	 register of my local shop and you do what ?	i am a clerk at the grocery	 me too in a very small town	so do i , do you have any pets ?	 i have a cow is your town big ?	no it is small i have some cats . four of them .	 my folks woud hate that any dogs ?	they hate cats ? i have no dogs	 they would like maybe one they are more into farm animals	oh well that is not so bad	 they are all a bout their garden though	that sounds really nice . what music do you like ?
 good morning ! finally someone is on !	yes here i am ! how is your morning going	 ok . i am working from home because of back pain . you ?	oh that is a bummer , i am playing some nintendo games . i am off today	 ah , old school kind of games .	yes those are my favorite ! do you play video games	 a little . i love reading and being out hiking more . nature and stuff .	i hear that . i have a husky i like to take on hikes . do you have pets	 i have a german shepard and 2 cats . crazy life .	shepherds can be good dogs i reckon , my parents have one	 what kind of work do you do ?	i work in a hobby shop where we sell rc cars , how about you	 i used to love rc cars ! i had so many . i am a journalist	for a newspaper ? yeah they are really fun to race	 yes , a little local paper . i love that some people still read actual papers .	yes me too ! digital media is taking over too much
 hello , how are you doing , today ?	great and good morning how are you	 i am doing okay as well . what are you planning for today ?	working and of course playing sports	 what kind of work do you do ?	i am an engineer and have been in two accidents	 oh , i am sorry to hear about your accidents . are you okay , now ?	yes water and food are so important	 i agree and sometimes they are taken for granted .	yes they are i need fresh air	 i think that we all need fresh air .	yes and i need some tv in my life	 what kind of tv do you like to watch ?	any thing that involves mysteries
 how are you doing today	i am fine enjoying a summer like day	 did you go for a walk	yes , i did i love summer better than winter or spring	 i like fall and spring	my family is big so i like walks to have quiet time	 i bet that you do	do you have any hobbies ? i love to cook and love to eat food	 i like to work outside and explore new things	i like grilling outside american , mexican and german food . germany is my birth country .	 what is it like there	nice countryside with alot of history to see	 that sounds very pleasant and peaceful	i grew up on the army military base but people are still kind to americans over there	 that is great . i do not like conflict .	peace is must more easy to live with .
 what kind of books would you suggest to a depressed epileptic ?	books that stimulate the minds ? keep them busy . . .	 i am always thinking too much , about my son who hates me , my divorced parents . . .	i enjoy being with kids , perhaps that may help with depression	 no one likes me , so i stick to the books .	we all have problems , i overeat when a stressful event happens	 i used to go swimming , i loved that . but the epilepsy got worse so i stopped .	perhaps keep your environment organize may help , it helps me	 is there anything that would improve my relationships with my family ?	swimming is great , does it help with epilepsy ?	 its dangerous now with the epilepsy . maybe i will try again , but need a spotter .	how about giving your self some different life styles ? like me , it helps	 what kind of life styles do you think would work ?	being a teacher in a kindergarten , i am very good with kids , i can help you	 maybe you can help my son , he is about that age , and he hates me .	ask him what style of a father he likes ? perhaps go from there ?
hello ! i just got home from shopping . how are you ?	i am fine . i just got done cooking pancakes and bacon .	 that sounds wonderful ! sadly , for my bank account , i ate out for breakfast .	ll . aside from your bank account , how are you today ?	 i am well , thank you . i have a busy day ahead . what are your plans ?	i have no plans . today is a rest day for me .	 those are nice to have now and then . i am meeting friends for a bmw group meeting .	yes , rest days are very necessary . are you referring to the automobile ?	 yes . i drive a classic bmw . its an money pit but i love it .	that is good . i do not see many classic cars where i live .	 where do you live ? what are your hobbies ?	i live in the country in ms . i have a new horse , beauty , that i enjoy riding .
 hi how are you doing tonight ?	hi , just relaxing . pondering my diet . i want to switch to vegetarian	 i work more than 60 hours a week at a restaurant so i just eat there .	i would never work that much . i am way too lazy . but love cooked pig	 my boss is the worst ! but when i go out i know how to party hard !	i usually have a meat party and eat it all myself	 my family helps me a lot to balance my work schedule .	a healthy diet should include many raw vegetables	 yes i agree . do you know who bob marley is ?	does he eat a lot of meat . like 10 cows	 no he was a reggae singer . i did not know who he was until yesterday .	well smoked pig , is the best . ever been to a pig roast ?	 yes i have i am not really a fan .	how much bacon did you eat ? you need to eat at least 4 lbs	 that sounds disgusting ! i think it would make me sick .	well you should eat raw okra with it
 hello how are you ? do you drive ?	i am good i drive when i am not creating new soaps	 wow that is nice to be creative ! i am 32	i have a green house want to come see it	 what kind of plants do you grow ? are you on a diet ?	i grow a little bit of everything in my garden no det though	 my diet consists of whole foods but no garden though .	that is cool you are healthy then	 i try . i am married and my husband is very healthy	that is great i am glad to hear it	 i do not work i stay home . do you work ?	no i do not work now i just make soaps at my house	 that is very cool ! what kind do you make ?	all kinds of different scents and cool shapes
hi , where are you from ? i am from wisconsin it is a rural area	hi there , do you like it there ?	 its nice i enjoy the snow because i go snowboarding	every time i watch the movie gone with the wind , i cry .	 i never watched it ! but when i watch movies i eat it with popcorn i love it !	unfortunately , i have never been a good as an artist .	 maybe you can get lessons , or try playing a sport like football	one day i hope to climb mount everest .	 that sounds exciting , i have a brother older than me that plays professional football in the nfl	not long ago , i shot a lion .	 that is good for you	what team does your brother play for ?	 he plays for the dolphins	oh nice ! that is really awesome .	 yea , i love to watch him play , it is a nice change of scenery	i bet that is ! lucky you .
 my best healthy meal is white chili and yours	i do not have one . how are you today ?	 fine and love yoga sessions for a healthy body	do you have a favorite book ? mine is anne of green gables .	 mine is lie down with lions by ken follet	that is a good one . do you have pets ? i always wanted a pet pig .	 oh no i like them when they are doll like not live ones	did you ever win a contest ? i once won a beauty pageant , not worth my time .	 only at school and it was a spelling quiz	what do you do for a job ? i love owning office supplies , its an obsession .	 am a teacher and own some private entities from my line	line of what ? teaching is a great profession .	 am in that line of physics and maths	that must mean that you are very smart .
 hi how are you doing	doing good , how are you	 i am good do you like sports	yes i do , soccer is my favorite , what do you like	 i play basketball for fun	basket ball is great too . what do you do for a living	 i take care of my family while my husband works	that is wonderful , i wish i had time for family	 what do you do for a living	i just got a regular spot on a soap opera	 that is awesome have you always been an actor	yes since i was a kid	 that is so cool what else have you been in	i have been in a lot of commercials and a movie
 hi i am tracy how are you	hi . i am good . just got done swimming .	 i like swimming but it fades my purple hair	oh purple ? if i dyed my hair i would go green .	 its for cancer , i wanna cure it i am smart like sheldon cooper	oh . cancer sucks ! i hope we find a cure soon .	 yeah i foster people like crazy cat lady when they have cancer	do you enjoy cooking ? i do !	 yes i am currently renovating ut	my mom is from greece and my dad is from india . yours ?	 dad is puerto rican my moms italian and i have 0 clue why i am 6 ft tall	haha . i am almost 6 foot as well .	 it has its ups and downs sometimes	yeah , i would rather be tall than short .
hello , are you a tennis player ?	i am not , but i do love creating art with my mind and hands !	 do you sell them at the mall ?	no . too busy to set up in the mall as a wife and mom of two sons	 i am single and do not have any kids , only corky , a pug .	that is alright . you should come over to my house . let your dogs run in the yard	 that would be lovely ! thank you so much for offering , i love kids .	my parents taught me to be inspired . i could paint your dogs whilst they play ?	 absolutely ! the are very good , and i can play soccer with your boys .	sounds great . what else do you enjoy ?	 i love to hike and surf . do you and the boys surf ?	we do not , but maybe we should give it a go	 i can teach you , it is not hard at all , once you get your balance .	we should . my boys would love that . thank you
 hello how are you today	i am great . how are you ?	 i am doing okay what do you like to do for fun	well i am a video game character online which is fun . you ?	 i like to bake especially brownies . what game are you in	it is called entourage . my goal is to skydive before i die .	 skydiving seems to be fun a friend of mine has done it once	i am only 22 and getting ready to start an engineering internship . so intense .	 sounds like you have your life on the right path	i sure hope so . do you have any pets ?	 no i do not wish i did . do you	i have a snake that is it .	 i am scared of snakes . where are you from	i live in arizona . you ?
 hello there how are you doing ?	i am fine , how are you ?	 i am doing good thanks , just working on some art . do you enjoy art ?	i do enjoy art , my passion is drawing .	 awesome ! i did a lot of art while i was homeschooled	my mother is an art teacher at my old school when i was a kid .	 i like to use art to cope instead of screaming to feel alive	awesome ! ! i designed the layout of my apartment .	 oh wow that is creative ! i love animals very much .	me too , between my 2 sisters and 1 brother we have 4 pets .	 lucky , i care a lot for animals but could never have one	are you allergic ? my dog has a blue collar , it is my favorite color .	 no i do not like doctors . i can not connect with people .	sorry to hear that . animals are good for the soul .	 yes they are . homeschooling really messed me up man	sorry for that . i guess there are pros and cons either way ,
 hello , and how are you this day ?	fabulous ! i am called gerald . i just finished my shift at mcdonalds .	 really . i model . i love to model animal clothing	i listen to lots of rock music in my spare time . what do you do ?	 i shop and look good	the boston celtics are my favorite basketball team because they wear green , my favorite color !	 well you would like my eyes then . also my shades	do you have a favorite sport or color ?	 my favorite color is black . what is yours	green is my favorite color . rock is my favorite music . basketball is favorite sport .	 ok . cool olive colored tone is my favorite shade but i love others as well	wow ! you sound like a fun and interesting person !	 yes i think so . i guess its time for me to go so goodbye .	have a lovely evening ! take care !	 you have one as well . it was nice talking to you .	lovely talking to you too !
 good evening , how are you ?	coupons are awesome . how are you ?	 i love coupon cutting . i detest school .	you should coupon with me . saves a ton of money !	 i love to . its hard leaving the house tho , i live by the lake .	are you need ? i usually donate my overstock to charity	 i am good at the moment . in the summer i walk and read the paper for coupons .	you sound like a cool friend . we should shop together sometime ! !	 that would be really cool .	so what else are you into ?	 well , i fell in love over the spring and summer . we met at comecon .	what did you dress as ?	 one of the girls from the tv show dark matter .	dope . i wish they had a coupon for comicon ?	 sadly no . they are a big profit setup .	what a shame . i would go as coupon man ! ! ! ! !
 hi , how are you today ?	i am good thanks for asking , and you ?	 good , baking a wedding cake for a friends wedding tomorrow .	sounds fun ! i recently started my sophomore year in high school .	 i was in drama club , but now i just go watch instead of act in plays .	drama club is cool , i am really into science .	 that is cool , you like chemistry ?	i love chemistry ! i am not a fan of biology however .	 i like being at the park . is that a science ? lol .	environmental , or earth science lol . do you have any pets ?	 no , not currently . do you ?	yes , we have 3 dogs , mine is named maddie .	 how long have you had maddie ?	for 4 years , she loves the sunshine state as much as me !	 the sunshine state , is that florida ?	it sure is ! have you ever been ?	 yes , i lived in south florida for years .	very cool ! nice chatting with you !
 how are you doing tonight ?	my 3 roommates are annoying me , i always do there dishes	 i hate having to clean up after messy people . factory workers are the worst !	they made ice cream , but i can not eat dairy , i am eating gummy bears	 i like eating ice cream when i am watching ufc .	i would rather not watch people get a concussion	 when i am not watching the fights i go for drives in my car .	what kind of car ? i want an orange one for halloween	 jeep liberty . he is great to travel in . he is red though lol	i have a volkswagon passat , love the moonroof .	 i like my 4 wheel drive . gets me places most cars cant go .	live in a place where there is lots of snow in winter ? i live in minnesota	 missouri but the winters have not been bad lately .	where do you drive that you need 4 wheel drive , mountains or muddy areas ?	 the river . i live at a lake . i go fishing a lot in summer .	awesome . i am thinking of joining a boat club next summer .	 check out the big lakes , they are great for that .	for sure , minnesota is the land of 10k lakes ha . have a good night
paying my bills is so hard . i hate it so much .	same here . i am 43 and going through the change .	 i just want a job . i sit on my butt on my couch .	i drive a freight liner for a living .	 i would do anything but it is so unfair how i have no job .	i am sorry to hear that . i travel as much as i can .	 i wish i could do that too . maybe some day .	do you have any tattoos ? i have two complete sleeves .	 i think they will hurt .	well they do but that is part of the experience .	 i hate any kind of pain .	i am no fan of it , but i deal with it because i love the result .	 i only have my ears pierced .	i have a lot of piercings as well .	 how many do you have ?	i believe seventeen at last count .	 that is crazy to me .	i just love the way they look .	 do you have your tongue done ?	i sure do . twice actually , side by side .	 i am amazed at this , haha .	a lot of people are actually .	 i can see why that would be .	you should try it . hurts less than you probably think .	 i would not want that done .	i can understand that . it is not for everyone .
hi how are you doing	i am great , first day off in a while . yourself ?	 i am hanging out with my dogs	i love dogs , i do not have kids so my pets are my kids .	 i have five rescue dogs	i love rescue dogs , where i attend yoga they have adoptable dogs there .	 that is so cool yoga and puppies	yes , like the cat cafes but dogs on yoga . do you have hobbies ?	 i read a lot what about you	my husband complains that shopping is my hobby .	 i love shopping what stores do you like	i like mom and pop type places rather than large ones . you ?
 how are you doing today ?	how are you doing today	 i am enjoying some alone time myself today .	i am ding great thanks for asking	 husband is doing his own thing . i need my alone time . very welcome .	same thing with my husband lol	 what are you up to today ? we so need it . all of us !	i am going to work on my son cake and do some cleaning	 and for fun for you ?	would be making my son cake	 is it his birthday today ?	his birthday was the 11	 how old is he now ?	he is 1 now	 do you have any other kids ?	yes i do what about you
 hello ! how are you today ?	i am great . just finished a run , i run every other day , do you keep fit ?	 wow nice . yes i do , especially since i have to fit into my wedding dress	congratulations ! i like to keep fit as i drive for my work	 thank you ! oh i see , that sounds like hard work	it is easier than the army . you have to concentrate and watch for bad drivers	 i agree , even in daily routine driving for me	do you have a hobby ? i love football	 awesome ! i love to paint	what do you like to paint ?	 i am very passionate about waterfall art , especially niagra falls	oh wow , that sounds amazing . niagra falls is a great place	 yes it is . that is where my fiance and i will honeymoon	have you been to angel falls ? the tallest waterfall in the world	 no i have not yet , but i sure plan on it	it is beautiful , norway has lots of waterfalls , i have been once and plan to return
hi , how has your day been ?	great ! just got off the bus from my first week of college .	 how exciting ! what are you in school for ?	i am still undecided , but i am working part time at the library on campus . and you ?	 i am studying the effects of peanut allergies and how to overcome it .	i love peanuts . do you think the allergy craze is a hoax ?	 no way , my whole face swells up beyond recognition when i eat one .	is that a bad thing ?	 i mean , it is not a good thing that is for sure .	you never know . some people need improvement . ha ha	 i may not be a beauty queen but i eat my veggies . health is important .	i need to study up if i want to stay in the dorm next year .	 are your grades not that great ?	on health silly ! i need to learn how to make good choices .	 oh ! i misunderstood what you meant .	what do you do for fun ?
hey are you having a good night ?	its ok my brother is still staying on my couch	 well family comes first . are you helping him out ?	yea my parents moved to florida and he was staying with them	 oh nice . he is here because of the hurricane ?	yea . my parent did not leave but luckily not major damage happened	 that is good . i have been in dangerous situations where my life was endangered . not fun	that sound exciting . you should come on this cruise with me next month	 i wish i could but i am in law school ll	ooh ok well come over for dinner . cooking is my passion . i am a chef	 nice ! always good to relax eat a good meal . hopefully , with a good game on	i love sports . of course the game on	 cool . looks like i found a new friend !	yay i need new friends
hi . how are you today ?	i am well . how are you doing today ?	 excellent . if my wifi speeds up we can get this done quickly haha .	ha i feel what you are saying i stayed up late last night .	 same here . i have roommates and they are loud as heck .	i am running around my house right now . do you read ? movies ?	 both . and i love to cook . and bake	i love to ski actually no kidding	 i prefer sledding no matter how grown up i get . i am also afraid of clowns .	i am too afraid of clowns even though i look like one	 i doubt you do . do not be so harsh on yourself .	its not a huge deal but i look like pennywise the 1990s one	 creepy . i look like fat bastard from austin powers so .	haha nice i used to love watching austin . i also love to live dangerously ;
 hello ! how are you today ?	i am great . how are you ?	 fine ! i just got back in from playing basketball .	that is great exercise . may i will play . i just stopped eating junk food .	 good for you ! i am athletic so junk food is off the table for me too !	i have been a couch potato . so i am trying to change .	 not me ! i was drafted to minnesota wolves . i am going to make bank !	that is awesome . i do not have a job at the moment .	 i will lend you some money . i am making 5 million a year !	i really comic books . maybe you can invest with me in a comic book store .	 i can do that . i read comic books when i went to north carolina university	that is so exciting . i am glad you share my love of comics .	 they keep me out of trouble . signed a moral clause with the wolves .	maybe i can workout with you . i am tired of being a couch potato .
 hi how are you today ?	hello there , i am feeling quite unsettled . how are you ?	 you should settle down then sparky	my dearest companion has died , i feel as though a piece of me is missing ; incomplete .	 i can blog about it for you ?	well sure . i think my two boys and my husband would love that .	 what do you do for work ?	i create beautiful works of art starting in my mind , sent to my hands , finished on paper .	 very cool . where do you live ?	in tennessee a family home with a nice yard . where our dear dog used to play . .	 i live in florida . danit irma .	my parents showed me to find my muse in the world . nature , hurricane irma has inspired me .	 i like to shop . totally for sure	too bad irma destroyed your shops
 i am a scientist , i have a lab	how are you doing today	 i am 5 when my parents taught me how to be a vegan	what do you like about being a vegan	 my 2 brothers are same as mine .	what do you like about life	 it gives me some sort of a fulfillment .	i wish that i felt that way	 sleeping in is what i usually do	i can not sleep too well	 what do you do in life ?	i do not do much of anything	 try experimenting on what you like	i do not like much of anything
hello , how are you today ?	hey ! i am well except i need a thumb removed . i have three .	 what hand is your other thumb on ?	my left . the moon landing was recorded in hollywood . you believe any conspiracies ?	 not really , but the one about aliens living under the earth is cool .	very true . i am a stenographer and can type 140 word a minute . you ?	 about 70 . i am short . i also have a big family .	i am the complete opposite of both . i am also a fast talker .	 can you stenotype as fast as you can talk ?	faster . the keyboard layout is easier in my opinion .	 yeah , to be honest , all keyboards need to have them .	very true . the qwerty layout does not make much sense .	 except mobile , which will be harder to keep us with typing and speed	exactly . where you from ?	 i am from jackson , mississippi .	nice . pittsburgh pa here . male and 23
hello	hello , how are you ?	 i am good . do you like elvis ?	oh yes , use to listen to him back in the day . how about you ?	 still listen to him . he is my favorite of all time .	my wife and i had our first dance to an elvis song .	 sweet ! what song ?	cannot help falling in love . great song	 a classic . i like blue suede shoes .	i like that one too .	 i like it so much i have blue everything . shoes , car , and every now and then hair .	that is your favorite color ?	 it is . how did you know ? ll	you told me !	 so what do you do ?	i volunteer at church , god is amazing . read the bible every day . you ?
 hi how are you doing	hello . i am good , got a magic the gathering event tonight .	 what kind of event is that ?	a card game . its really fun	 what do you do for a living ?	i am a curator at the local art museum .	 do you love to look at art ?	i do . i have four dogs , so i cant have any in my apartment	 what city are you from ?	cleveland . we have a jello restaurant .	 is that all they server ?	yes , it is . its awesome . you whistle for your server .	 is that all they serve . . . is what i meant	yes , it is . its awesome . jello is my fave	 do you have any pets ?	i have four dogs . beagles
 hello how are you ?	hello good and you ?	 sad . my mother does not want me to move out .	why not ?	 i do not know . i could just leave but she is my mother .	how old are you ?	 i am 32 . how old are you ?	25 . youve lived with your parents this whole time ?	 just my mom . my dad has passed and i miss him a lot .	so why do you want to leave her then ?	 i am an adult . and she does not like me carping in the forest on weekends .	she worries about you	 yes . but there i am the general of the oris family its so fun .	what do you do for a living ? i am confused
hey how is it going ?	hi ! i am fine thanks , just got to la from tokyo , how are you ?	 i am great , wow that is a long flight	it was worth it though , i try to become an actor and la is a great place	 yeah i have been l . a quite a few times	do you live in california ?	 no i live in philadelphia , but i travel a lot	is traveling one of your hobbies ? i like dance and sing	 its more for the job , but i like to travel on the off season	have you been to other countries much ?	 just a few , brazil , france , mexico , and jamaica	so many ! i have only been to japan and usa now	 where in japan did you go , i have friend who lives in sendai	i lived in kyoto mostly	 that is nice and central , sendai is quite a bit north from there	yes ! i have been there a few times , nice place
 hi there wow are you ?	i am well , so tell me about your family ?	 we all dislike mexican food	i do not know about that . i really enjoy it along with a nice iced tea .	 i travel to mexico a lot	i would avoid any of the tall buildings there because heights scare the daylights out of me	 my wife left me there	no way ! i am really close with my mom i would ask her for help	 maybe she would help me	do you have any other relatives that could help ?	 no they all hate me	if mom did not help i would probably ask one of my four sisters	 as long as they do not mind i eat cheetos	perfect . is it nice to swim there , it would be cool to find some real life mermaids .	 spear fishing would be great	good idea ! sounds like fun
 hello there ! how are you doing today ?	hi , i am great ! how are you ?	 ca not complain . my kids do that enough	i just ran into jimmy fallon the other day , that was exciting !	 what ! ? ! ? ! i love him . that is so crazy !	he made a joke about my receding hair line haha	 www that sounds mean . he is usually super nice on his show	he could tell i made my own outfit by hand too	 you sew clothing ? is that difficult ?	yes it can be . do you make anything ?	 not really . my kids and i are in our churches choir	oh really ? i play piano for a church choir !	 we need to get a pianist . would help me stay on key	i have been playing for years , i enjoy it
hello how are you doing ?	greetings , i am do well thank you . how are you today ?	 fine just looking at the nashville news .	i am new to america . nashville good place to live ?	 yes it is , i love shopping at the farmer market every week .	i walk my animal past market everyday after work . what is your favourite thing to purchase ?	 i recycle my plastic and paper trash to show my commitment to the environment .	is that what farmer market is for ?	 i work part time as a clerk at the local university .	i take acting classes at a university . which university you work ?	 nashville university , you can buy all organic products there .	you have passion for environment . very honourable	 yes i believe in keeping the planet safe .	when i become famous actor , i wish to keep strong morals like you	 you will be a awesome actor just keep the faith .	i try very hard . i moved to los angeles to pursue . hopefully it pays off
 hello , how are you doing tonight ?	i am well . how are you ?	 i am good , getting a little tired though .	i can understand that . i spend most of my days sleeping !	 i spend most of my mornings wishing i could still be sleeping	i love my bed . its my favorite place in my house .	 i love mine too , and thankfully i do not need to get up super early tomorrow .	that is always good . i prefer staying home .	 i do like getting out and going to new places though , like trips .	i am not all that social . where do you like to go ?	 nowhere specific , just new experiences , day trips or something .	that sounds exciting . what else do you like to do ?	 photography , i like watching videos of different things , like surgery , pranks , paranormal .	i love photography . i want to get a nice camera one day .
 hey , i am in a lady motorcycle club and i love to drive fast	i am married to a wife beater and have two kids	 well do you want me to come beat him ? i have never lost a fight	then we can go shopping ! i love shopping . i am a lifestyle shop blogger .	 well there you go lol and your kids would enjoy checking my tatts i have got 12	i am very attractive . i was a cheerleader in high school . maybe we can go on a date	 u like women too ? did not know that	got to get away from my husband i live in florida . celebration florida come meet me	 i just drove 20 mins this morning at 208 mph i can get there fast	i will leave my kids never liked them lets do this !	 sounds like a plan i will be there soon you can hop on my bike	the we can ride off into the sunset just like lovers in a novel	 well then pack your bags	yay i am so excited i think i will burn the house down before i leave .
 what are you plans for today ?	i am a student so i have to study . what are your plans ?	 i am planning on riding my horse tonight , her name is beauty	great . i may also eat some ice cream , it is my favorite !	 oh yummy ! you should bring some to my country house	i am always looking to travel new places . do you have a city house as well ?	 no , just one in the country . waiting for my husband to come home	do you have any children ?	 no not yet . i hope to be as good of a parent as my preacher dad	i am sure you will be . my parents separated , but did a great job parenting me .	 that is great . my husband is in the army . i miss him	that must be difficult . do you every get to travel to go visit him	 no . but he does come home every 6 months for a few days	i am sure it will be nice to see him . does he have a horse too ?	 he does not have one . but he loves beauty too	do you have other animals on your farm ?
hey whats poppin ? p can i draw you ?	sure you do not mind an almost 26 year old !	 i like drawing . and drawing my friends as map ponies .	cool ! my apartment is full of ponies .	 really ? ? ? what about cats ? ? i love them	no cats but my daughter is almost 8 and loves my little pony !	 do you like watching tv ? like anime ?	my boyfriend does not work so he watches tv alot .	 hmmmm . what does he like to watch ? why is he a bum ?	he got laid off . he watches anime also .	 that sucks . we could be bffs . ; p	that would be great ! i do not have many friends here .	 how old are you ? i am pretty old	i am 25 , half way to the 50 mark .
 hello how are you tonight	i am good . just finished combing my blonde hair .	 nice . i just got my 3 kids to bed .	i do not have any kids .	 i squeeze my 3 kids in my little honda civic haha no soccer van here	i drive a bmw x5 .	 nice car . i walk a lot too , i love walking	i enjoy walking , and sometimes i run .	 oh cool i run down to my best friends house all the time . she lives close .	what color are your eyes ? mine are brown .	 light blue just like my grandmother that i am named after	oh that is neat . my grandmother passed away a few years ago .	 aw sorry to hear that . were you guys close ?	yes , we were . we spent a lot of time together .
 hello . it is nice to talk to someone this evening .	agreed . i need some downtime after my long bike ride today .	 i hear you . my job at the railroad office has been stressful lately .	i like being outside in nature so your job sounds interesting . do you like it ?	 i love it . there is always something interesting happening . what do you do ?	i went to culinary school in europe and i am a chef at an italian french restaurant .	 that sounds really interesting ! what is your favorite dish to make ?	veal in red wine sauce with winter vegetables . whats your favorite to eat ?	 i will eat just about anything , but pretzels are my favorite . simple , yet delicious .	sounds good . do you speak any other languages ?	 i do not . are you fluent in any other languages ?	yes 3 . going to school in europe was a big help . have you been there ?	 i have once . i saw my favorite band in germany . vnv nation !	awesome . i love going to concerts .	 i do , too . but most days , i would rather stay in and watch something . netflix and chill .	nice . personally i would rather be out in nature biking when i am not cooking .
 hi . typing to you from above my wrecked beach that i love	that is exciting . i grew up near a beach in new hampshire .	 cool . i am in school in florida	very interesting . i am a dance teacher and i love dancing .	 i like to dance but do not have a lot of time between both jobs and school	makes sense . i get all of my hobbies done at school . like reading history books .	 do you like other types of books ?	i like cook books . my favorite are mexican food cook books .	 yum . . do you have a favorite color ? mine is blue .	i would say orange . i like blue as well .	 what do you like to do besides cooking ? i sing .	mostly dancing ! i could dane to your singing .	 i like that idea . go on americas got talent .	we would do really well !	 i could use the bucks . where shall we meet to rehearse ?	well i am still in new hampshire !
hello ! how are you today ?	i am just great . its nighttime where i am so i am happy .	 i am glad youre happy ! positivity is a must is not it	absolutely . i need to stay positive , because any negativity shows up in my art	 you are an artist ? how swell ! tell me about your inspirations	i have the coolest cat named charlie , and i like trying to capture his thoughts !	 woah , that is so interesting ! i used to run as fast as a bobcat before . . well . .	you got my attention . before what happened ?	 i had a freak track accident . now i basically live at the hospital . .	sad to hear ! what kind of accident happens at track ?	 my mom had a heart attack while i was running hurdles . saw the whole thing .	oh my that is terrible . i was under the impression you had the accident	 it affects me , not physically though . but you have to stay positive , right !	yeah ! that is the way to be . is she doing okay now ?
 hi how are you ? would you like to chat ?	i would love to ! i am kind of scary though .	 lol that is alright my kids are mostly grown so i have seen scary	i drive a truck , covered in tattoos , and i am over 40 ! that scary .	 have 20 tats myself , love to garden and cook for my small town .	no kidding ! i travel all the time , for work and pleasure . maybe i will visit !	 sounds fun , i am disabled and boring for the most part but love new friends	well , you cannot miss me . i have bright pink spiky hair . how about saturday ?	 kids are supposed to come home this weekend for a family day maybe sometime next week ?	next week sounds good too . i will be in oregon . where do you live ?	 in south carolina , have fun in oregon though i hear weed is legal there .	weed is legal up and down the west . i hear mushrooms are next .	 nice they never did anything for me but i know people that love them	i could transport them in my truck if you wanted some .	 lol nah would not ask anyone to risk freedom	the way i see it , through my travels , they will be legal soon .
 hi ! what are you up to ?	just watching a movie with my girlfriend , you ?	 brainstorming ideas for new video game concepts , i am a designer . any ideas ?	my older brother loves video games , but i do not really play them myself .	 ah gotcha , what kind of music do you like ?	i love all kinds . and i really like pink , because she has pink hair like me !	 i like breaking benjamin , rock is my favorite type .	the bookstore i work for in the city just got a new book about them .	 my mom and i love going to the used book store here in town .	my girlfriend and i met there . i am thinking of proposing there too .	 that is so sweet !	thank you ! i hope she says yes .	 totally random , but what is your biggest fear ?	snakes . they freak me out . where are their arms and legs ? !
 do not forget to vote next month and support your local democrats .	i am not registered to vote , nor do i care for politics .	 okay , no politics . want to swim in my pool instead ?	no , thank you . i have a yoga class later , and a hike . want to come along ?	 yoga ? yo no . i would rather fish and cook whatever i catch . all i eat .	we do yoga outdoors . do you surf too ?	 no , but i do cool tricks in my pool . i am like an acrobat fish .	i love fish ! i love all animals , especially dogs . do you have a dog ?	 i would like to get one one day . or an eagle , to match my perfect vision .	eagles are not legal to own as a pet . nature needs to remain wild .	 true . wish i were taller like my parents . how tall are you ?	i am short , only five foot .	 a guppy i see , just like my . my mom and dad were over 6 feet . sheesh .	oh wow . that is tall .
how are you doing today ?	i am well just hanging out you	 well , i am with my friend cayden . he is my best friend !	my bffs sons name is cayden ! that is funny i guess .	 also , i am a little sad	aw i am sorry to hear that i hope you feel better	 i did not get accepted into the gifted program at my school !	well when i am faced with troubles , i pray . works for me	 do you ? maybe i will try that !	never a bad idea . do you read often ?	 sometimes i do read , yes i do	cool . do you have a job ?	 well , i am only 7 , so i do not !	oh seven whole years old ? you are almost a man now !	 almost , but i wish time would go faster !	yeah i wish i could help ! i am talking to many people at once !
 hello . do you surf ? any chance i get i go surfing !	haha , aint never been buddy . i did play this surfing game once though !	 funny ! do you like music ? the muggers is my favorite band	yeah , i listen to toby keith pretty much on the daily	 that is country music correct ?	it sure is . what kind of music is muggers ?	 it is the assigned character to the left haha i have no idea	sounds like a great group ! haha	 but i do know that i have bizarre dreams	hey there gotta live out your dreams bud	 do you have a significant other ? one partner is something i can not be locked down to	i do not tie myself down like that , got to be free to be me	 do you have a job ? nobody knows about the passive income i earn !	its kind of embarrassing , but i clean bathrooms
hello there ! are you a dog person ? i am !	i am ! my 2 children that i have adopted love our dogs .	 i have 4 dogs . . . i love to take pictures of them all the time .	4 wow ! do you exercise at all ?	 i spend all my time with the dogs , walking , running , playing .	that is awesome ! i teach a yoga class . do you have any hobbies ?	 i occasionally drink with friends , and take photos both pro and for fun . you ?	i really like old movies . sometimes i stay up too late ! do you travel ?	 my photography work takes me places some times . where have you been ?	not too many places . i really want to go to canada . . . especially quebec .	 i took my dogs to florida recently . ever do beach yoga ? looks fun .	i have not but it does look nice . i live in pa so no beach here .	 i have not been to pa recently , but i did shoot a wedding there once .	it is really beautiful . i love the mountains . what is your favorite photo shoot ?	 i did a puppy shoot for dog food on a farm ! what type of yoga ?	i teach bikram my favorite .
 hello , how are you ? i like to watch football .	hi , i am doing well . i love sports too and skydiving !	 i like to watch football with my friends , they like it too .	that is cool , do you play video games . i am a character in one !	 its a lot of fun . we like watch while having beers and food .	cool . do you have any pets ? i have a snake named jake !	 i do not . jake the snake , that is clever .	haha , thanks ! i will be starting an engineering internship in december , cant wait !	 you are also a character in a video game ? how interesting !	yes , i am thanks so much !	 it was nice chatting with you , take care of jake the snake lol ! bye bye !	thank you , i will , you have a wonderful day too !	 i will , stay safe in your game perils .	yes , definitely , i will sure try !
i like the beastie boys .	oh . i love the movie godfather .	 i have been to new york city one time .	oh . i go every few years . are you male or female ?	 i like to paint . can i paint on you ? i am a male .	oh , me too . no , i do not think so .	 that is probably good . i want to work at a museum .	oh . i need to find a better job .	 you should try painting people who are willing to pay .	i am on my feet a lot but am overweight .	 yeah , well you can sit down and paint .	i need to start working out .	 well you should stop talking than and go on a walk .	i know , i know ! but i am lazy .	 you sound very lazy . good luck kid .	are you in a relationship ?
 hello to you	hey whats up ?	 not much , just got home from taking care of animals	oh cool what kind of animals ?	 mostly house pets , cats and dogs in my line of work	oh ok what do you do for a living ?	 i am a vet . my five kids love to hear the stories , hubby not so much	why does your husband not like animals . i do that is why i am vegan .	 he says they are messy . where we grew up in spain , there were many strays	that is so sad . i hate to see unloved animals .	 like you , i would rather help them than eat them , vegan also	i am so glad to hear that .
 hi how are you ?	fine , juan is on tour again with chainsaw wrench	 are there any shows you would recommend to watch ?	the one in guadalajara if you can afford it , i wish we still lived there .	 what is your favorite animal ?	you . college sucks .	 what do you do for a living ?	college .	 do you have a favorite tv show ?	do you ?	 battlestar galactica	yeah , its alright . i am gonna teach calculus at camp next summer	 cool . i am a paper salesman	gross .
 hi , i am randell i have 4 bearded collies	hi randell . i am working on my first book . hoping to be published	 that is awesome ! good luck . my kid read green eggs and ham and reciting the lines	i could translate that book into german . its my current job	 awesome . do you like to swim ? because like to swim	not really . do you swim competitively ?	 no more like as an exercise thing	cool . what do you do for work ?	 i am an electronics technician .	do you fix computers ?	 in some ways i can depending how extensive the damage is .	do you like it ? i was never that into my career so i quit	 it pays the bills and puts food on the table .	i wanted to find my passion that is why i write	 that is awesome keep up with your passion . it will be satisfying in the end	i am hoping to find success before the end of the year !
 hi , how are you doing this evening	i am doing great , just chilling with my dog .	 what kind ? i am relaxing by the lake	he is a beagle named droopy	 aww haha . what do you do for a living	i am a student , so i mostly just watch youtube videos and procrastinate .	 ahahah i am a boring accountant who just reads horror novels	ll , sounds like a good time	 not really , i do want to see the new stephen king movie tho	well if you love horror novels , that is a total must	 yes the original was completely horrible	was it ? glad i did not see it , then	 yes definitely avoid it . i have a cat sleeping on me	ll i hope its your cat , then
hello , hello ! my name is oliver .	hi ! i am michelle . what do you do ?	 i am a student . i love baking . cakes especially .	i love reading . but not anything law related	 oh me as well . my favorite book of all is david copperfield by charles dickens .	awesome ! i like works that relate to activism	 very upstanding of you . i admire that .	it is what i focus on during my free time	 commendable . i am a dancer as well . i placed first in a tap dance competition once .	wow that is impressive . i am not artistic at all	 well you are socially conscious . . . many would say that is better .	what do you do for work ? i hate my job .	 i am a student . i hate it only sometimes .	hopefully not a law student	 not me . just general studies . . . junior high school .	good . do not go into law . it is horrible
 hello , how are you doing today ?	i am well , how are you ?	 i am fine , just relaxing while listening to kings of leon .	nice , i like rage metal music personally .	 cool . what do you do for a living ?	i sell cosmetics , what about you ?	 i am in the it industry .	do you enjoy working in it ?	 most of the time . do you enjoy selling cosmetics ?	its a good pasttime . i also teach special ed , so cosmetics is a nice break .	 i see . i turn to football when i need a break .	have not watched any games yet this season . any good teams so far ?	 not so far . what else do you do in your free time ?	i psychoanalyze my friends it drives them crazy . you ?
hello . how are you today ?	i am good hope you are well	 yes ! very well , thanks you . its very hot here . i live in florida . where are you from ?	i am in hawaii ! it is gorgeous !	 oh wow ! i bet that is beautiful ! what do you do for fun ?	i like to play the playstation	 that is fun ! i have a playstation 4 . we do alot of swimming here .	yes i swim a lot too	 i build aquariums so that is a pretty good job in the heat . lol	i love music . what is your favorite band ?	 i love maroon 5 ! do you like movies ?	yes i love to binge watch shows	 me too . my brother in law runs a hollywood studio	nice ! ! ! ! what movie are you excited to go see
hello . how are you today ?	i am good thanks . just got home from work .	 i am in school right now . its so lame .	think yourself lucky , i went to special school cos i am blind . so dull .	 org ! what do you do for work since you are like blind ?	i am a radio dj . i have an assistant and everything labelled in braille . it works !	 that is so cool ! i love music ! i am in the band !	oh really ? what do you play ?	 the trumpet . have you ever played an instrument ?	nope , i always wanted to be a dj . radio was my lifeline as a kid .	 yeah music is my life now . i am really passionate about movies though .	whats your favourite movie of all time ?
 hello , how are you tonight ?	i am well and you ? what do you do ?	 i am an aquarium builder , my clients are the hollywood elite .	awesome ! i am an organic vegetable grower	 very nice ! my parents stopped farming 20 years ago , at ages 88 84 .	impressive . i got my degree in agriculture	 my wife is a horticulturist , or was before she lost her hearing .	does she have one of those implants or invisible ear things ?	 no , they will not work , as she is completely deaf .	oh i m sorry to hear that . do you have hobbies ?	 i help out my brothers at times . they are all involved in the movie industry	i see . i like to hike	 i love to surf when i get a chance .	the ocean is the best	 it is . do you like the mountains too ?	i live in the mountains actually
 another late night i am a night owl , how about you ?	late night here too , had an argument with my boyfriend of 10 years	 sorry to hear that , i cope by watching sporting events .	i cope by cuddling my cat , her name is cow	 i love cats and also like music like that of the group u2	i do not really listen to music , what is your favorite song by u2 ?	 no special song i just like the mellow haunting tones .	u2 reminds me of how chalk feels , not very pleasant . . .	 everyone has their likes or not my team lost tonight .	which team is your team ?	 the raptors and the indians who lost tonight .	i do not like sports at all	 that is cool another music grup i like is the rise against .	i like the group fallout boy	 nice what type of music do they play ?	a little bit heavier , mostly pop
 can you help me with my math homework ?	i graduated from stanford so i probably can .	 ate 2 boxes of fries , they bought two more and ate one how many fries	i am a professional soccer player now with a 4 year old son and good looking wife .	 i eat far too much french fries . makes me smell like them	3 boxes ? i love fries but i love pizza even more , its my favorite .	 pizza with fries is the best , keeps me small	i started making my own fries and eat them everyday . my wife and kids do too .	 great , they are great diet food	i wish i could eat pizza every day but i do not want a heart attack .	 what is a heart attack ?	i am a professional athlete so i have to be careful about what i eat .	 what does that entail ? are you anorexic ?	its something that can easily kill you and that is not good . no not anorexic .
 hello how are you doing tonight ?	i am bad my reality t . v . show i love is not on and i live in boring state kansas	 better than the gross spider i had to kill tonight tuck	i need a job , i am a farmhand , the farm foreclosed . can hire me to kill spiders	 absolutely , my mom worked hard and raised me alone i always want to help those in need	i would like to move to a warmer place where are you .	 i live in miami , usually warmer here except recently	hmm i heard it is super safe in miami i , d move there right now !	 yep super safe but i still pray every morning to kept my family safe	why , seems like a waste of time to me .	 so does always putting on my left sock first	hmm maybe you should stop wearing socks
 hello , how are you doing ?	hello ! i am well , minus the missing little toe	 ouch ! i am sad its the anniversary of my mothers death .	i am sorry to hear that news . did she enjoy dogs ? i have 4 of them .	 she did ! i have her dog	right on . do you enjoy green eggs and ham ? i do not . . . i like swimming though	 that is very popular in my restaurant ! the kids love ie	glad that they do ! i really love to cook . are you hiring ?	 mother taught me to cook ! we are looking for an exterminator .	for what ? i have a buddy that does that	 well the health department was not too fond of the rats . they are everywhere is russia !	commie rat bastards ! ! ! ! good thing i love to swim	 can you swim from russia to sarah pains house in alaska ?	i believe i can . . . . the 4 dogs will keep me company	 you are very talented . i wish my rat tail soup would be popular .	ratatoouieeee . . . . . without green eggs and ham
 hi how are you doing today i am fine ?	i am doing great . just got off the subway from work .	 i am disabled i want to go back to school .	what do you want to study ?	 i want to take a nursing course .	cool ! i am afraid of blood and clowns . nursing is not for me .	 i wished i could be an actor what do you do ?	i work in the city . i am getting ready to visit my sister in canada again soon .	 that is good how is she doing have a nice trip .	thanks . i am not sure what to do with my four cats when i am gone .	 oh my leave down enough food for them for the 4 days	what food do you like to eat ?	 i love pizza it is my favorite . and you ?	i love fruits and vegetables . i do not eat any meat .	 cool very healthy for you . my mom and dad are vegans .	i may want to try vegan soon . do they like it ?
 good day ! how are you ?	great . the weather is awesome . i am chilling on the porch with my 3 cats .	 sounds good . i just finished playing my drums and now i am getting ready for work .	i love to use the drum beats to find my rhythm when dancing .	 cool . i play at the pizza parlor where i work on saturdays .	sounds fun ! do you like to travel ? i spent my summer touring europe .	 wow ! i have not traveled much . i grew up in the poor area of chicago .	oh . did you have any siblings to play with ? i am the only child .	 i have 2 brothers . i am the oldest . you did not have anyone to fight with .	the kids at school teased me about my red hair , its blonde now .	 that is too bad you got teased . kids can be mean .	they sure can . so , on a more positive note , what do you like to do ?
hello i am sam . what are your hobbies ?	i really love playing football american football that is	 football looks dangerous to me .	it can be but as a quarterback i feel like i am in control	 yeah can imagine that . its all up to you in that position .	this will be my second year as a quarterback it is awesome	 how long have you been playing football ?	my whole life last year was my first as a quarterback	 its really nice to have something you love doing .	yes it is my team is improving we hope to make the playoffs this year	 not really into football myself . i am more of a crystal kind of person .	crystals are beautiful to look at	 yeah they are . and good for the spirit too .	do you go out west and dig your own ?	 sometimes . its a pretty amazing hunt .	it looks like fun to me
hey there how are you doing ?	good just trying to calm my 2 kids down	 oh yeah are they wild or upset ?	wild . . i am going to call a baby sitter though so i can go shopping ! !	 is that your passion , shopping ? sounds nice .	yeah ! i used to be a cheer leader here in celebration florida !	 dang that sounds fun . are you single do you larp ?	nope not single lapping is fun though	 oh , what is single lapping ?	i meant larp lol and i am married	 oh i see , i do in the forest . i live with my mom . . in the basement	that is so sad i am sorry	 i never see my dad now he moved to guam	i do not even know where guam is	 it is far from kansas and i miss him	i miss you so much
hey there ! what do you do for a living ?	i watch movies and write reviews on them	 cool ! i am a first generation police officer and proud of it !	i support that completely	 coming from a farm in kansas to a big city was a huge change .	i imagine so . i live in the middle of not where with turtles as pets	 i live outside detroit so it is a lot different than kansas .	i bet so . that is a big change . i like my purple hair	 yes , my family and i love it . are you married ?	i am not but i am engaged	 congratulations ! we have 3 daughters now and it has been amazing .	what is your favorite movie	 i really like the deep because i am into scuba diving . you	gone with the wind is my favorite
 hello , my name is rose . how are you doing today ?	i am great ! just finished online shopping its my favorite thing !	 sounds fun . i just finished eating fried eggplant and smoking my pipe .	i am a mom so my kids would kill me if they saw me smoke anything	 yeah , may be the reason i was married five times .	wow that is a lot . i used to work at monsanto so i know a good eggplant	 i happen to live in chicago and i own a bar there .	cool ! i am a sahm now so i swim and read alot .	 i do not have any hobbies but i did win my third grade spelling bee .	that is cool too ! i like fantasy fiction	 what kind of fantasy fiction ?	mostly paranormal stuff . do you remember your winning word ?	 i like paranormal stuff too . my winning word was glasses .	its great you still remember . i cant remember anything from befor i was 12	 that is sad . why can you not remember ?	i do not know . its a medical mystery .
 hey , what are you up to ?	hello , i just came from a gig i had at a local theater	 oh dang ! ! that is awesome . . what kind of gig ?	i do stand up comedy	 oh nice ! ! can you tell me a joke or are you tired ?	sure tell me i am not tired	 i am no good at jokes . i was wondering if you could tell one . if not , that is fine	oh lol no only on the stage , what do you do for a living ?	 haha i see . i am a receptionist at a lawyers office . do you do anything besides standup comedy ?	yes some small roles on tv	 oh wow ! ! can i tell you a secret ?	sure you can what is the secret ?	 my favorite thing to watch , almost the only thing i watch , is we wrestling	oh wow nice ! i do not really watch wwe
 hello , how are you today ?	i am well . thank you . on my way to a concert .	 oh fun , what music do you listen to ?	indie , hip hop , oldies , etc . very open . you ?	 mostly country , but i listen to other stuff sometimes on pandora .	i enjoy country as well . do you go to school ?	 just finished . now i spend all my time working on my family dairy farm .	oh , that is amazing ! i miss all the fresh vegetables .	 we have got a lot of produce , i do not really like eating it though .	have you ever wondered if you could change your eye color ?	 lol no , i wear contacts and am just glad i can see !	well said . i have brown eyes . but wish they are blue .
 hi ! do you have any pets ? i have a cat	hi ! i do not have pets . i am a writer pets would interrupt my thoughts .	 i do not think my pickles would	that is funny ! your cat pickles made me think of my lack of liking pickles .	 interesting ! do you ever write at starbucks ? i see writers there a lot	yes of course . but i use my iphone when in public places to write .	 that does not sound easy . you would find peace writing in my garden of roses	sounds relaxing . my book is about a black cat . i like black .	 i like swimming . do you ?	i cannot swim . do you watch television ?	 not really . my hippie parents were against tv . they first met at a big concert	rick and morty are so interesting i will include them in my book .	 who are rick and morty ?	crazy show from the seventies . you are probably to young .	 oh yes i think i am .	i bet your parents are really interesting .
 i am a pilot , what do you do for living	no living right now , dude surfs up !	 how do you make money	weed , man , weed . and a little meth .	 haha , wish i could smoke weed , you sell ?	pretty hard over the ether , dontcha think ?	 whats pretty hard not sure what you mean ?	well , if we lived in the same town . . . nah , i am just messina with ya .	 okay i see haha , where do you live	on the beach , man , right on the beach but with mom and dad	 that is sounds good , bout to build me another computer	lots of money in that ? or just a hobby ?
just got back from fishing with my 4 daughters . did you do anything fun today ?	cool ! i took my two dogs on a hike today .	 what do you do for a living ? hobbies ?	i manage a nonprofit dog shelter . i guess dogs are my whole life ! haha	 that is nice . i am a race car driver and mostly enjoy playing board games .	oh cool ! i watch nascar when i visit my parents	 do they live near you ?	they are a few hours away . i do not visit often cuz my mom is allergic to dogs .	 so you are a dog lover . anything else that stands out about you ?	i am also a big hiker , fisher , anything outdoors .	 i am for the outdoors too . seems to keep me going . sitting is not my things .	except when you are sitting in a car seat though , eh ?	 true . the wind bowing in is well enough haha .	i used to want to be a race car driver when i was a kid	 ever go out to the races ?	nah , just watch them on tv when i am with the folks .
 good evening , how are you ?	great . just trying to plan out my next vacation . what about you ?	 just getting my 3 kids fed . its hard being bipolar but they are not picky on food .	at least they are not picky . that would be annoying	 true . specially since i could just eat hummus and pita bread every day . lol	oh hummus is delicious . do you listen to music at all ?	 i do . i like top 40 , pop , swing .	the best one is avett brothers	 right on ! i am a am nurse . what do you do ?	i am a counselor with a major in psychology	 very cool . does that keep you very busy ?	oh yeah . i have a lot of vacation time though so i travel a lot	 i would love to travel someday .	you should . it is so worth it	 i know . i just got to find the time .	do you watch sports at all ?
 namaste . my name is lucy . how are you ?	i am well , disgusted by my farts lol	 oh eww . with eating so much salad i know how that is .	lol really ? i am so fat i cannot see my feet lol	 oh geez . i teach yoga so am pretty fit . do you work ?	i tried it , i just buy booze .	 oh i see . i am more of naturalist .	i love where i live , where do you live ?	 in the city . so i do not get into nature often .	i hate my friends got me so fat .	 that seems like a weird conclusion .	why ? it is there fault .	 ok ? well gotta go teach a class . nice chatting .	same with you workout for me
 my wife just made me laugh ; she always does . are you married ?	i am married happily for going on ten years	 do you have children ? each child of mine , i love dearly .	i have three kids who are growing up	 not to be actors , i hope ! i tried that . now i am a plain baker .	i have no idea what they want to do we are currently car shopping	 what kind of car ? why do you want a car ?	i need a new car and i just want an orange car	 not my first choice . what else do you like ?	in my spare time watching baseball	 i plan to watch more baseball after i retire . i can hardly wait to retire .	i have no desire right now to desire	 except for an orange car . what do you do for work ? are you a student ?	i am not a student . i stay at home while my wife works	 what does she do for work ? what do you do when she is at work ?	i take care of the kids and pets we have
 good evening ? how are you ? i am just munching on gummy bears .	i am doing good i am watching one of my favorite shows jeopardy	 i love jeopardy . my roomies love it too . all 3 of them .	my other favorite show is forensic files	 i never heard of that one . my parakeet goes nuts when i have animal shows on .	animals are wierd like that do you work out at all	 i do when i can . i wanna hit orange theory just because orange is my fav . color .	i am a gym rat that just cant resist a good game of racquetball	 right on ! i worry about my calcium being lactose intolerant and all .	i also read books just started finished middlesex it was good	 i need to read more books .	i could not live with out my dairy products	 i miss milk . i miss it a lot .	do u like music
 hi there , how are you ?	what ? please . i have a new project with big data i am working on	 cool . good luck . do you have any siblings ?	i refuse to talk to my family , they are fools . this big data job will free us .	 haha , okay . i am close to my brother because he is the only family i have now .	can i live at his house ? i need somewhere to finish this prog job	 haha , okay . i am close to my brother because he is the only family i have now .	i should translate on the side .	 haha , if you lived in baltimore , yeah .	i will travel there tomorrow .	 that is fine . whats your favorite food ? i love food trucks .	whatever you have when i arrive . this job will free us all !
 hi thought i would see who is here .	hi , how are you ? its very nice to meet you .	 good finished my shift and needed to put my feet up for a bit .	me too . i cannot wait to go out this weekend .	 whats your favorite band ? . . . . mine is nirvana	i love the chainsmokers . i always listen to them while i workout .	 i mostly listen in the car but its out of commission needs some repairs	that stinks . i always hear the chainsmokers while i am out at the bar .	 i will get if fixed soon . so what do you do ?	i am a personal trainer . i love to stay active . what about you ?	 i am a waitress at a local restaurant so i guess that is active !	definitely ! i also love to cook for myself and watch my diet closely .	 so we have activity and food in common . that is cool .	absolutely ! what do you like to do for fun ?	 kick back in my casual duds and hang out with friends . how bout you ?	me too . i love going out with friends to local bars and listening to music .
hello . how are you doing tonight ?	hi ! i am good , thanks , how are you ?	 i am good . just thinking about painting my room purple . how about you ?	thinking about getting another tattoo . i already have two	 awesome ! what you think about getting ?	maybe the recycling logo ? since recycling is my thing	 nice . maybe i should get a small swimmer tattoo since i love swimming .	that would be so cool !	 yes . i think you talked me into it . i have swam since i was three .	wow ! i am more of a just driving person , haha . i drive a big blue van	 should be in nascar . better than a masters in education .	i might be too much of a hippie for either , haha	 must be a fun lifestyle then . could teach me a thing or two .	whats your lifestyle like ?	 typical female educator . get hit on a lot by teenage boys . its awkward .	geez , that must make work awkward sometimes
 hi ! i am from syracuse . . . how about you ?	the mitten state , i am a cop there	 michigan ? cool . do you watch football ? i love the bills .	nah my daughters hog the tv	 bummer . i have season tickets and try to go as much as possible .	you could take me with you	 lol . . . . right ? i am still at union college . i have a ways to go .	how many pets do you have	 2 dogs . . . arlo and dayton . you ?	i have two huskie puppies	 aww cute ! do you travel ? i want to go to spain .	not really , i am a pretty busy person	 yeah , cops usually are . i would love to teach overseas .	i could teach you guitar	 oh , that would be awesome ! what kind of music ?	blues sometimes , but whatever you want
hi ! i am joan . how r you today ?	hello , i am sue . i am doing great today . how are you ?	 excellent . accept i messed up my nails i just had done . argh !	no kidding ? i burned a batch of cupcakes earlier . must be one of those days !	 ugh ! so sorry about that . i burn stuff all the time . what kind were they ?	vanilla with blue icing and pink sprinkles .	 yum ! my son owen loves vanilla .	how old is owen ? that is a great name .	 thanks ! he is a precocious 4 year old . do you have kids ?	i do not . i have 3 nieces and a nephew though .	 hey , sometimes those are like kids . same with pets	very true ! i have 2 dogs and a mean cat .	 i love cat but unfortunately i am allergic .	i have read that a lot of people are allergic . it must be a common allergy .	 yes . my corporate attorney husband is also allergic . but we have a turtle	my best friends son has a turtle . he is pretty large now .
 hi , i have a pet horse named unicorn .	hello i am a woman	 i see . my cat speaks italian . you have a cat ?	i love all colors especially purple	 get out ! me too ! i have two different colored eyes . blue and hazel .	i have an masters degree totally awesome	 my mon is a archaeologist and my brother is an osteopath . i sing	i like all music especially kid rock he is like so sexy	 omg ! yes he is . you speak italian ?	i totally do not that would be so cool	 what about french ? wee no ?	i wish i spoke french sure beautiful	 you dance ? are you in the military ?	i love to dance i have moves	 you go ! i have a cat . do you ?	especially to some kid rock
i am so bored watching tv hopefully someone out there to chat	hi . i would love to chat . do you like cats ?	 no they ruin furniture . i have a new puppy though . he is cute .	i used to have six cats . what kind of dog ?	 its a golden retriever . gotta take him to vet for shots soon	are you single or are you married ?	 single . do not have lots of money so that babes not into me .	i have been married a long time . married my high school sweetheart .	 does she nag you a lot ? my mom nags my da about not paying the mortgage	not really . just wants me to get new glasses .	 i need new glasses too . but have not paid for my old ones yet . six .	ca not see too much in front of me just 200 feet .	 that sounds dangerous you should get that fixed so you do not get sued	that would not be good !
 hello how are you doing ?	hi . okay . just got back from another long day at walmart . i stock shelves .	 i enjoy going to walmart	better to shop there than work there . that is why i am going to college .	 my daughter worked there and did not like it	dad keeps trying to get me to work at his mechanic shop instead .	 i hate the song sweet home alabama	yeah . i am a muse girl myself . what music do you like ?	 growing up in alabama i like country music	makes sense . do they have good vegan restaurants down south ?	 no they are into good old fashioned cooking meat and potatoes	too bad . vegan is all i eat .	 i used to be . getting ready to watch game of thrones	you like watching tv a lot ?	 yeah i do . the easter bunny hid behind my closet door	seriously ? wow . i never saw him as a kid .
 hi , there , are you a pet lover ? i love my 2 pooches !	i do not like pets , they just leave in the end like my dad	 i am so sorry , i have to like dogs . i work for a vet .	that is cool have you had any lost love ones ?	 no , thank god . i am close to my mom but she is allergic to dogs .	does she visit you often ?	 she can not because of the allergies , so i visit her .	do you have any tattoos of dogs ?	 no , i am chicken . do you have tats ?	on my back three tattoos are there	 may i ask if it hurt ?	it did hurt very much , like 1000 needles	 i could never handle that !	get drunk before hand it helps
 hi , how are you this evening ?	i am doing well . i am graduating soon , so super excited ! you ?	 congrats ! i am about to start college . any advice ?	take time to experience everything and try out new things . its a unique time .	 thanks , i will keep that in mind . . . i just want to apply myself to my fullest .	its a great time . i wish i had taken advantage of more of the opportunities sometimes .	 what would you have done differently ?	studied abroad . taken more classes in a wider variety of subjects .	 i know what i am going to do . i am going to win . win at everything i do .	that is a good plan . take advantage of the opportunities you have .	 do you have any hobbies ?	i like to crochet . and listen to my brothers band . what about you ?	 cool but not really competitive . i like fishing for the biggest trout !	i hate fish . ll . allergic to shellfish myself .
 i do not like tomatoes that much and especially airplane tomatoes . what do you think ?	i love tomatoes	 which tomatoes do you like red or yellow ?	both are good	 i heard that the yellow tomato is low in acid . is this true ?	i am not sure . what do you like to do in your free time	 i do listen to music and i love to cook .	i read about other cultures and play computer games . both are getting kind of bland now tho	 that is good . i do play computer games once a while but not often .	that is one of the main things i do on my down time .	 do you like cooking ?	no i just like eating food from other countries so i eat out a ot	 me too but i do enjoy cooking .	do you ever wish you could learn a new language
 hello there ! how is your day going .	hi ! great thanks , and yours ?	 spectacular . my mind , body , and soul are functioning well together	awesome ! so , tell me a little about yourself !	 i am the youngest of four , i geocache and eat chocolate	cool ! geocaching sounds fun and who does not eat chocolate ?	 i do not know , but they are not allowed to be my friend	haha , well i guess i can be your friend then ?	 absolutely ! what should we do friend ?	tell me about your hobbies !	 i like to play paino and read people	cool ! i like to play hockey , its my favourite sport !
 hello , how are you tonight ?	i am good , getting ready for a date	 sounds fun ! i am currently single .	i consider myself a ladies man . . tall and handsome	 you are just the type i go for .	wow i am very intrigued . what do you do for a living ?	 i am a police officer . what do you do ?	i am an accountant . i had an offer to play in the nba	 that is exciting . i work security at some sporting events .	i like the corporate world better . plus i look suave in my suits lol	 i like not having to sit behind a desk , i am also in school .	so what do you do for fun ?	 i play a lot of sports , what do you do ?	i like the night life . parties and dancing	 those are the calls i respond too the most .	lol those are the wild parties
 hello . i am josh . whats your name ?	hey josh my name is ashley . how are you doing today ?	 i am great . tell me about yourself . hobbies ?	i love going out the farm because i am a total country girl	 that is sounds fun . i love riding my motorcycle . you ride ?	no not at all . driving trucks are my thing . where are you from	 i am from new york , but now live in virginia . you ?	i am from kansas born and raised .	 never been there . whats your occupation . i am in construction . cleaning gutters .	i tend to the animals on the farm , particularly the chicken . they are my favorite .	 cool . have you ever tried archery ? i am constantly at our archery center .	no my vision is horrible lol . that sounds really fun though .	 oh sorry about your vision . whats your favorite food ?	its cool , um pizza is my ultimate favorite because i can eat it anytime of the day .
good evening , i have slept most of the day	oh , that sounds so relaxing . did you enjoy it ?	 yes its very relaxing to go long stretches in lala land	i agree . what do you do for a living ?	 sadly i am just a factory worker	making stuff is important ! i am just a medical file clerk .	 bummer , long work hours is affecting my social life	i feel you . where do you live ?	 i live in the left coast	ah , i see . i live in baltimore , currently .	 i miss the maryland crab cakes out there	they are the best ! have you been to maryland ?	 yup , i went to the inner harbor area	that is one of my favorite areas . the art museum is great .	 i rode the light rail into that area	did you take the marc train ?
i like to drink a lot	i am going to join you . . . my husband just left me . . . i am going to be a single mother .	 oh man . what happened ?	i am not sure . i guess the spark in the relationship just faded ?	 how long were you married ?	long enough to conceive four children . . . of which are my responsibility now .	 what are you drinking ? i am loving some rebel ipas right now .	i am actually just digging through a pint of ben and jerry . love ice cream !	 my favorite is cookies and cream	good choice ! do you think i can give some of my brownie batter to my dogs ?	 no , dogs and chocolate do not mix	i doubt this ice cream has real chocolate in it though . i will not risk it anyway .	 i have a chihuahua . what kind of dog do you have ?	two golden retrievers , they are the only thing keeping me afloat . love them ! !	 oh man , i had a golden puppy for a while . way too much puppy for me !	lol . thanks for the convo . have a good night !
 hi , how are you today ?	i am kind of bored . trying to find something to do in a new city .	 oh . i like to bake when i am bored .	yummy . have you ever baked anything odd like grasshoppers ?	 no way . i fix a lot of chocolate cake .	i love chocolate cake . do you live in florida ? i am new here .	 no , i have in south carolina . not too far .	that is close . do you have good surfing beaches there ?	 i think so . i am old , so i do not surf .	age is only a number . have you read the twilight series ?	 nope , i do not read that much .	are you baking anything today ?	 maybe later . not sure , my kids are coming to visit .	you have kids ? cool . how many ?	 2 daughters and one son .	i would love to have kids some day . any grandkids yet ?
hi , what are you up to today ?	hello ! i just got back inside from playing basketball . you ?	 just got back from a hike , my favorite hobby . beautiful fall day here	the fall is nice , but i love winter . snowmen and christmas . the best !	 i do love playing in the snow . . but i miss my garden during winter lol	the snow is fun ! what do you grow in your garden ?	 all vegetables , i am vegan so i enjoy growing our own food	that must be a lot of work , but rewarding .	 i just got a new accounting job so i have less time in the garden already lol	congratulations ! i always rap while i work . lol	 lol what is your favorite rap ?	i like to free style for the most part	 oh nice , i could never think that fast to rap haha	it helps me relieve stress . music is awesome
 hi there , my name is dustin , how are you ?	i am doing wonderful . my name is emma . how about you ?	 i am wonderful . do you have any pets ?	i do not have any , sadly . do you ?	 i do ! two weimaraners ash , and pace	cute ! my father owns bees as pets , but i am allergic to them .	 well i hope he got into that hobby after you grew up and left lol	thankfully ! i actually recently moved to grand rapids in michigan to be a nurse	 nurses are wonderful people .	its hard work but its worth it to see happy healthy faces in the hospital	 what floor do you specialize in ?	childrens ward , actually . i have a fondness towards helping kids .	 that is such a wonderful thing you do !	thank you . what do you do ?
 i do arts and crafts and draw a lot . do you have any fun hobbies ?	nice ! i like watching the buffalo bills play	 i juggle it all while watching movies and being mom to my 5 kids	wow ! i do not have any kids i am still in school	 football is too controversial now . i would rather listen to music	very nice , i am studying to be an english teacher	 4 of my 5 kids are in school . it gives me free time for crafts and drawing	i bet ! where are you from ?	 from ga . where our english teachers , well they are not so great	i am from syracuse , ny . but want to study abroad in espana	 i liked music class better because i like all kinds of music	cool ! i am hoping to teach english in spain	 oh i would love to go there if i had time for it .	you should ! it is great
 hi how are you doing ?	not bad , few injuries from playing soccer today , but have physio later . you ?	 what do you do for a living ?	i am a professional soccer player fun but loads of training . what about you ?	 i do not do anything lol	you must have loads of free time ! what do you get up to ?	 i do not go anywhere all day	are you ok ? you sound a little down .	 yes i hate my life	there must be some changes that you can make . what do you enjoy ?	 i hate everything so i do not know	how about pizza . i love pizza , i cannot imagine that anyone would hate that . . .	 i do hate that too	can you make it to your local doctors ? i think you need to talk to them .	 i hate those kinds of doctors	local doctors ? you prefer far away doctors ?
 hello ! how are you today ?	i am ok other than being very annoyed with my cats !	 aw , but they are so cute ! we had a few on the farm !	they are cute , but they are meowing for my tacos , my favorite food !	 i could go for a taco ! good stuff !	definitely good stuff . so , what do you like to do ?	 well , i am getting used to city life after moving far from home .	not sure if i could get used to city life !	 its not too bad , get a lot of kissed by fire comments nowadays . they are okay !	i like the country more and swimming in the creeks .	 i agree ! where do you live ?	in the mountains of kentucky , around the holler of wigtown .
 i reside in an urban area , how about you ?	i live in an urban area too	 though i do not life in the country i am an equine owner .	what is an equine owner ?	 it keeps saying i am copying stuff so that is an animal that cowboys ride .	that is interesting do you have alot of friends ?	 i am too busy , as i am enrolled in an educational institution to become a medical professional .	that is great are u planning on becoming a doctor ?	 i am aiming lower . for fun i produce vocals with a group .	what do u like to do to stay physical active ?	 my equine provides ample opportunity for exercise . what about you ?	i love to play volleyball , basketball .	 are you in school still ?	no graduated in december of 2016 with my bachelors degree
 hey how are you ?	i am good thanks for asking	 no problem . so what do you do for fun ?	i ; m still in high school so mot much	 oh . i am currently traveling and learning new cultures . i love it .	what do you do for a living ?	 i am a military veteran . i also do volunteer work at the local animal shelter .	what city are you from ?	 birmingham . i love it here . all the football is great	do you have any hobbies ?	 not besides football . i am busy with my wife of 20 years	www where did you two meet ?
 hello care to chat before my walk ?	yes . sure . this day , last year , my husband died .	 oh no ! . i am very sorry to hear about that .	that is okay . i have been in this world 77 years , my time is almost up too .	 do you have any fond memories from your childhood ?	yes . every saturday , my entire family comes together and we have a wonderful time .	 does that still happen ? or something from the past ?	no . it still happens . i love it when we are all together .	 ah i get visits from my grandchildren too .	that is very nice . what is your hobby ? i love gardening .	 i like cooking for my family	that is nice . speaking of cooking , i am addicted to black coffee .	 coffee is the best sometimes i have it black , sometimes i have a little creamer .	yes , do not forget the creamer . very important .	 ha , i have to go work on dinner . talk to you later .	talk to you later . nice talking to you
 hey from wisconsin and have older brothers two of them . how about you ?	i also am from wisconsin , waukesha in fact .	 nice . what do you like to do . i like photography .	i am a baker and to make up for it i go on a lot of walks .	 nice my favorit color is blue just like my car . how about you ?	i do not have a car . i commute to my job as a teacher .	 oh nice . so are you the youngest in your family because i am .	i am an only child but my two cats are like siblings .	 did you hear about the iphone ?	i heard its very expensive .	 yeah i am actually thinking about getting the iphone x . had every iphone since the first one .	what do you do for work to afford such things ?	 corporate supervisor for a company . my boyfriend said he would be buying it .	i used to be a corporate chef , but now i teach culinary school .
 hi !	hell tell me about yourself ?	 i am a romantic . you ?	i would like to think i am too	 very nice . i loveeeee jazz . its so smooth . music ?	mostly r b for me	 also smooth . i love antiques do you shop ?	not really i swim when i get free time	 swimming is relaxing i bet . that is why i antique .	what part is relaxing ?	 just finding a great buy and being around so much history . i love victorian things .	oic that seems interesting
how are you doing today ?	very good , i m only 10 years old	 wow , you are pretty young . do you live with your parents ?	yes , they named me arnold . do you like watching tv ?	 not really . i eat a lot of potatoes though	i like ham and cheese on my sandwiches . where are you from ?	 i am from around these parts . are you male or female ?	i am a male , what state are you from ?	 i am from ohio . how about you ?	i am from florida , do you like ohio ?	 yes , its a good state . i like driving my car around .	what car do you have ?	 its a nice honda civic . i lease it	my dad has honda civic . he likes it	 that is nice to hear . does he like accounting ?	i don t know , maybe he does
 holy crap , pistachios are so good .	i agree . where do you get them ? i love getting them when i go to the mall .	 at the organic food store . i do not eat fast food .	that is a good way to be . are you married ?	 yes . i met him fishing a few years ago .	that is a nice story . i date around lots , as i have been single for a while .	 what do you do for fun ? i love racing go carts .	i mainly go to the mall for fun . do you have any pets ?	 i have two cats , alice and dylan .	that is adorable ! i have a little pug , his name is corky .	 do you play any instruments ? i love my guitar .	actually , i have been completely deaf since birth . the guitar seems cool , though .	 wow , i had no idea !	at least i can type , haha ! what do you do for work ?	 i putz around online for simple jobs .	i do the same thing , though i think it would be awesome to work in the mall .
 hi ! how are you doing ?	i have been better , i am worried about my moms health .	 i am sorry to hear that , is she ok ?	she is sick a lot , i think the neighborhood we live in does not help her mood either .	 maybe try virginia , i lived there with my parents . my mom was a teacher	i wish i could move , there are probably better schools compared to mine	 my school actually taught me how to drive stickshift car	my school , is terrible , i worry i will not get hired because it gives a bad image	 you will be ok ! my father was worried too but he became successful as a cop	i wish you could send him here , my neighbors yell and fight all night	 oh no , i would not hear that much because i drive trucks all night	living here makes everyone think i am a loser , driving a truck would help me get away	 i do not think you are a loser ! yeah you could try truck driving	thanks , i just wish i did not have to complain all the time .
 hello there ! how are you doing ?	i am great ! what are some of your hobbies ?	 i like playing stringed instruments a lot !	me too ! i learned to play guitar about five years ago .	 i love playing my a lot whenever i am not with my pets or kids .	that is cool i have kids too . we are going to rent go carts the weekend .	 i am going to a bakery with mine to eat my favorite dessert !	what is your favorite dessert ?	 chocolate cake , with extra frosting !	i would not mind a piece , been watching my intake .	 are you on a diet by chance ?	i kinda contribute eating out to the weight i have gained . it is sad ,	 how many kids do you have ?	i only have three children .
 hi how are you today ?	i am good thanks . and yourself ?	 i am feeling great today . i was just out with my dog .	nice . no dogs here , only cats here 2 of them .	 my dog really helps me with my anxiety and my temper .	they are therapeutic . i read books for relaxation .	 i like to read to . i would also like to someday teach english .	i used to teach , now i am a librarian . hence the love for books .	 i think that would be a great job . i also love to listen to music , especially indie .	something weird i do is read to my cats . they seem to enjoy it .	 it does not seem weird to me !	thank you . i just finished lunch here , tuna sandwich .	 i hate tuna ! i am difficult when it comes to food .	one of my favorites . i am not real picky .	 i love pizza and pasta .	two more of my favorites . i love mexican food the most .
 hi there ! i am james . how are you ?	hi ! i am jack . doing well , just finished playing football with my dad . how about you	 just got off work actually . i work at a comic book store .	nice , i like comics that get turned into action movies	 me too . i was a huge superman fan as a kid .	me too , my father would take me to watch that when he was not busy being a doctor	 oh really ? what kind of doctor is your dad ?	he is a surgeon . he gave me a restored mustang for my birthday	 nice ! i taught my son to play music with his arm pits . some dad , right ?	haha that is still pretty awesome for a dad	 my girlfriend did not think so . she said i was too immature .	that is rough . how long have you been dating ?	 about a year . but its over . i cheated on her with her cousin .	oh man . good luck , it was nice meeting you !
 hello there . i am native . i enjoy watching youtube videos online in my spare time	i do not have time for that . i work three jobs right now .	 oh wow . i just have one . mcdonald .	i recently proposed to my long time girlfriend so saving for the wedding .	 what color is her hair ? my hair color is brown but i prefer blonde .	she is a ginger .	 that is great ! what music do you enjoy	i love avenged sevenfold . what do you like ?	 van morrison . i sleep to his songs .	he is pretty great . do you watch television much ?	 i do . netflix binging mostly though if i am not writing	i watch south park every day on hulu .	 ahahah . . . . i wish workaholics was still on netflix	is it a good show ? i have never seen it .
 hey whats going on . you play video games ?	haha , well i try ! but none of the fancy stuff . mario kart only !	 hah i love video games . i really like ballet to though	love impromptu ballet . i did a recital on the street . made 5 . ha ha !	 that is awesome ! ! were you wearing purple ? ? i love purple	nope , ballerina pink . i made my mom tape it for me , to with the other tapes	 that is really cool . now you can always watch it	i have over 432 movies i filmed myself ! i am an artiste	 holy moly ! that is a lot . any favorite foods ?	hmm . anything without peanuts . mama says i am allergic . i do not wanna die yet	 yea do not do that . i am obsessed with mac n cheese ! !	mmmm yum yum honey bun ! that is what i say when i eat my mamas cookin
 hello how are u tonight	i am doing well , how about yourself ?	 i am doing good getting ready to go fishing this weekend	sounds fun . i use special tricks to get all the fish , want to know the trick ?	 if it helps me win the fish i am a sore loser	use dynamite . it will blow the fish right into your lap .	 lol i think my pond is a little to small for that	my parents are red haired irish , they taught me that trick	 i lost my dad when i was 2 so mom taught me how to fish	sounds like a tiger mom . wish i was an actual tiger	 do u have a favorite season i love the spring time but hate the winter	i like winter . i am six feet tall , the snowflakes fall on my head	 i am short and have deep blue eyes	the taller you are , the more snow flakes you get right ?	 yeah but the snow is cold and i like warm weather	warm weather is a lot of hot air , lots of gas
 hi how are you this evening ?	pretty good . getting ready to do some computer work . you ?	 good , fun fact did you know there are over 300 languages ?	can not say i know that . any other fun facts ?	 i am sort of a genius and i know all the languages .	wow , impressive . i love computer programming . are you in school ?	 no , i never went . i do own a mansion though .	so you have money ? i want to own my own business one day .	 i do , but i do not live in the mansion . do you have a family ?	no , i am in school for computer engineering . where do you live ?	 i live in florida , i do not have family either i never knew my parents	did they die ? i stay up really late if you want to talk .	 i am not sure they gave me up at birth , that is a sweet offer .	oh , you were adopted . i am a good listener . my bff is gay .
hi , what do you do for a living ?	i am a factory foreman	 awesome . i work at a university . where do you live ?	i am in the midwest . how about you ?	 i live outside of nashville tn	benn to nashville many times . do you have any hobbies ?	 i play several instruments as a hobby . how about you ?	i love working on and driving my classic chevy	 what color is your classic chevy ?	blue metal flake with white scallops . are you into cars ?	 not that much . i like to go fast though . what else do you do on the weekends ?	my wife and i are constantly traveling around the country showing the car	 i go to the farmer market alot .	we where just at one last saturday i bought cucumbers and onions	 our farmers are bringing in a lot of tomatoes right now .	i am actually allergic to tomatoes
hello there ! my name is sarah , an aspiring actress . and you ?	i am april . i hate working out , but lord knows i need it	 have you tried dancing ? its a fin workout . p	no but i have a bike , and i do walk my 3 dogs . you have pets ?	 yes i do . a cat actually . i brought her back from tokyo .	so a siamese cat ? were you born in japan ?	 a calico cat named majora . she hates it when i sing in the shower .	hysterical ! i play drums poorly and very loudly . she would hate that too .	 ahahah . . . do you know if rosetta stone works ? trying to improve my english	i heard its good , but i have no experience with it . try online sources .	 will do . thank you so much !	no problem . life is about helping each other . you have made my evening less lonely	 ditto ! where are you originally from ?	i am from pittsburgh area , in pennsylvania
hi there , hows it going ?	hi , i am fine how are you ? where from ?	 i am from iowa . i am in high school .	oh cool i live in l . a . close to hollywood . i went to college already .	 what did you study in college ?	american literature . and education my dream is to teach young kids . you ?	 i do not know . i like dance . i am a member of a competitive dance team .	i love dance ! i like to hike on the weekends to the hollywood sign . .	 oh that is probably a big hike ! must be difficult .	it is pretty cool . so what do you do in iowa ?	 well , see a lot of movies mostly .	i see movies being made all of the time here .	 i bet . i love disney movies most of all .	me too	 whats your fave ?	aladin
 hey there . how are you ?	i am pretty upset right now	 oh no . why ? i play the bass , the rich tones really help me when i am sad .	my mom just told me she divorced my dad	 that is awful ! i am sorry to hear that . do you have a dog to cuddle you ?	i wish haha my college does not allow them in the dorms	 my french bulldog is my baby . she keeps me going when things get rough .	do you work ? i work constriction during the summer so i would need a sitter	 i am currently selling washers at sears , but i would like to be a journalist one day .	construction , i mean . as a journalist , would you travel ? i love travelling	 i would cover music . my dream is to follow red hot chili peppers around . love them .	they came to my area last summer but i was too busy working construction to go	 . www man . they really are a sight to see .	they really are i was disappointed about having to miss them
 hey there , how are you ?	hello to you i am great	 what do you do for a living ?	i love to cook and travel	 i spend a lot of time working out of my truck , i promote toyota	i grow my own food in my garden	 that is pretty innovative , do you have a favorite cookie ?	i play the trumpet in the band	 wow , way to copy everything .	my favorite cookie is chocolate chip . yum	 oh i am sure it is . its mine too	especially warm with some milk	 that is how oreos are best .	yes put a fork in the middle and dip	 or just use your fingers and be lazy	yes but that is so messy
 i have muscles like my mother . we both make money weightlifting .	you know who else has big muscles ? superman !	 yes he does . you like people with blonde hair and brown eyes ? lets be friends .	i like comic books . i love superhero ones .	 cool . smelly feet do not bother you do they ? you like money ? i do .	smelly feet are gross . sometimes mine smell if my feet are sweaty .	 great ! moms says brown eyed people who read comic are smart . you a superhero ?	someday i will be a superhero .	 my mom makes money weightlifting . her feet stink too .	your mom sounds cool . can i meet her sometime ?	 sure . i hope you become moneyman my favorite superhero . my mom likes money too .	that would be cool if moneyman and superman were in a comic together .
 hello how are you today ?	ready to make friends . what is your favorite thing to do ?	 i am going to school for nursing and you ?	i love to plant flowers with my mother .	 my mother teaches sunday school	that is nice , we take long walks by our church .	 i have no brothers and sisters here at home so i walk alone	do you have any animals ?	 no i use to have a dog but my mom gave her away	oh no , how sad . i am sorry .	 i know i was failing in high school . it was all girls and christian	sounds like a not so fun place .	 no it was not and that is why mom gave away my dog	i guess parents sometimes think they do the right thing .	 i can go and visit her but i miss her at home	well that is something . a visit atleast make you smile .
howdy there what a wonderful day it is	yes . my home is so big . i hate cleaning it though .	 i have to clean after my 4 german shepherds	ah . dogs are great . i take mine to the beach on vacation .	 love dogs and convertible cars that is all i will buy	sounds practical . i buy cars too with my huge income as a doctor .	 cool beans i created my own personal religion its so awesome	that sounds great . the beach is my happy place .	 nice . i have seen ghost on several occasions on the beach must be their happy place too	ha ! you should visit some of my patients . you are funny .	 i get that alot . when i look in the mirror i can see what they mean	i am sure you are not funny looking . cheer up .	 oh ! i am peachy great popcorn	i am sure that is true .
 hi how are you today	hello i am fine and yourself	 i am good do you work	yes indeed in the bookstore my mother is a awesome nurse where do you work	 i have my masters degree	cool do you know your parents	 i do , what about you	my mom yes but i do not know my dad	 i am sorry to hear that	its ok i have his name tattoo on my arm i have 3	 what are the other two ?	my mom name and my daughter name . i want more but i do not drive	 oh you should get your license	i do just no car at the moment
hello , how are you tonight ?	could be better . i wish i were a famous actress .	 do you sing when you act ? singing is my favorite thing to do !	not really . i want to act with animals . zebras are my favorite .	 that sounds like a really specific job , acting with animals	it is . my last audition was on a beach , but i do not like beaches !	 beaches are perfect places to run	i agree . i just do not like sand .	 i agree , it can be a pain , gets stuck in everything	i hate it . like i do milk . gives me allergies .	 milk makes strong bones though , how do you supplement your diet ?	i am vegetarian . you can get all your nutrition from plants , you know ?	 no you cannot . you need protein to survive , and most plants do not have all your nutrients	have you heard of soya beans ?	 legumes have protein , but not enough . humans need a well rounded diet .	are you some expert nutritionist ?
hello ! how are you today any plans ?	hey ! not really , i am craving some pizza !	 that sounds yummy . i work as an accountant you ?	i am unemployed right now . maybe applying at a pizza joint !	 lol that is all you need a job that you work as a pizza tester !	yes ! that would be perfect for me ! what is your favorite color ?	 blue , do you like running ?	i like blue too ! i do , it is good to stay in shape .	 yes it is , i listen to bruno mars on my runs keeps me moving .	he is a good singer . he is very popular here in the usa .	 yeah , i can not get enough of him . what do you drive ?	an old beat up truck . you ?	 brand new red dodge here . love that truck !	awesome ! i wish i could get a new one
how are you ? its a great morning here in nashville .	i do not have a great morning here	 oh no . you should play some music , that is what i do in my spare time .	i will give it a try	 i am about to go to my local farmers market , i go every weekend .	cool . i am a lifeguard what do you do ?	 i am a professor at tennessee state .	really ? can you get me a job . i am abd .	 what is your course of study ? i can find out .	history . went for the big money field .	 maybe you can become a history teacher at your local school ?	i think i would rather stay in lifeguarding honestly	 teaching is a wonderful job . and you can lifeguard in the summer .	one of my parents is an offshore driller . maybe i do that .	 do they make a lot of money ? my husband needs a job .	they do but it is risky . remember deepwater horizon ?
 hi , what are you up to ?	hi there ! i am currently eating fast food . i eat it too often .	 i am trying to change my body , i cannot eat too much .	oh that stinks . i work for the national guard so i should lay off the junk .	 i am saving up for some surgeries .	i understand . off topic , but what weather do you like ?	 sunny . when i can go and work out .	that is cool . i love the snowy cold but my passat hates it .	 do you like going out clubbing ?	some times . but as a public affairs worker , i have little time .	 that is pretty boring . i go out with my girlfriend .	that is cool . what else do you like to do ?	 i like getting dressed up .	me too . i love shopping for dressy clothing .
 hello i am not very tall	neither am i . but it makes for better puddle splashing . i love when it rains !	 sounds great i am looking for a job	i hope you find one . i work at a pizza place . do what you love	 thank you i have a dog i love him	awe ! i love dogs ! one day i hope to adopt one	 that is a great idea there are so many that need homes	yes there are . i need a bigger bed first . so there is room to snuggle lol	 i have 2 sisters what about you ?	single child . whats your favorite season ?	 winter what is your favorite color min is red	i love winter too ! my van needs new tires before the next one . orange !
 nights are getting cooler . here comes winter and i hate all of that cold stuff .	my dog can visit you at night he is george .	 i usually sleep at least 8 or 9 hours but even more in cold weather .	that is nice have you tried sleeping in the beach i like to go there .	 dogs can deal with cold better than we can but i hate being cold	maybe watching a cable tv will help you i used to work there .	 i am an electrician and i always have to crawl up under houses in the cold weather	do you like your job ? i love my job and riding my bike .	 where did you work ? your real slow and not making any sense	in a cable company i just said it a while ago .	 i ride my bike too and l like to run and jog a lot	lets do it sometime if you want i ride my truck and you rode your bike .	 what are you talking about ? you use the 2 minutes but you do not make sense	lets see who will win the race i am challenging you that is why i said that	 you in a truck and me on a bike . ok that makes a lot of sense .	we never know maybe my truck is slower the your bike .
 greetings my dear friend . how fares thee ?	i am great because my keyboard and chair are ergonomic and support me ! you ?	 that is a blessing . i am very well thanks .	in fact , between my keyboard and new sneakers , i am so comfortable !	 i could make you a new sweater and complete the comfort !	i would love that , thank you ! can i wear it to sleep ?	 if you like , i knit blankets too . do you ever read books ?	not much . i just like to sleep and listen to music .	 what kind of music ? i am more of a book guy .	rap is my absolute favorite . i love it . it is the best music .	 it is so good . i teach students about books and use rap to entertain them too !	wow what do you teach about ?	 literature , english literature . do you study ?	i used to . what is your favorite book ?	 pride and prejudice by jane austen . have you read it ?	not yet but it is on my list to be read .
 hello i am todd , how are you ?	hi todd i am 20 years old	 that is awesome ! i am only 8 .	cmon . . . . what do you do for a living ?	 i do not work yet , but i want to be a superhero when i get big	why are you up so late ?	 reading comic books , i love them . what about you	i am scared and i cant sleep	 superman can protect you he is my favorite .	i like batman more haha	 ll well then . what time is it there	its 12 ; 20 . . . what about over there ?
 hello ! are you a gamer ? i love halo 3 .	not unless you mean frisbee with my dog ! i am obsessed !	 i love dogs , but i have a hard time with eye contact . . .	interesting . i just did a dissertation for my last year of graduate school on cujo .	 what kind of school allowed that ?	it is a college near the beach which i adore !	 super cool ! do you sing ? i was just singing in my shower .	i actually do in real life ! my nieces and nephews are my biggest fans .	 wow ! i will stick to my cold showers ! i love kids !	me too ! i have three and love cooking italian food .	 can i have some please ?	i will keep a plate warm .	 you are too kind . i appreciate it .	i also educate on essential oils on facebook .
 hi how are you today ?	i have been better . how about you ?	 whats going on ? i am fine	i am looking for an apartment that takes cats	 i also love cats how many ?	one , i am staying with my brother and dad . . . have to leave	 i am sorry to hear that . do you read ?	often , i am an editor . how about you ?	 i work with flowers all day	that sounds relaxing . what do you do for fun ?	 i just sit in my parents basement	i know that feeling . i cannot wait to move .
 hi am sam and i have long hair for guy	well , i have 4 girls !	 i have no girls , and i want to live in a fantasy world	what kind ? i just got done racing cars , and playing board games	 my friends are not always around .	well , you could try fishing !	 i want to be in a place where its about me for once .	how come it is not about you ?	 because my parents are selfish people . even though i do well in school its about them	well , that is not fun !	 even though i draw in class instead of taking notes i still get straight as	well , as are a good thing to have !	 they want me live vicariously through me . . . i hate it when they do that .	do they get mad at you ?	 they do , and it is my responsibility to make them happy when they take things .	i think it is there thing , not yours	 i have had money taken from me and it made me mad , because i owed them .	i do not think you owed them !	 well that is what they said because they raised me why have me then ?	that is a horrible thing to say !	 your telling me . i am sorry i will go , thanks for talking with me .	you do not have to go if you do not want to !	 well i think its more like just do not know what to say . . about it	well , could you just tell them how you feel ?	 i have and they do not listen . they prefer to just pretend like its not happening	well , that is not good , and i do not think it is right	 i do not think so either . i am sorry for venting like this it makes me mad .	no , it is totally fine , i am here to listen	 thank you so much for listening .	oh , you are welcome , anytime !
 hello how are you tonight ?	i am okay , studying for my womens studies class , i might fail	 i hope you do not fail ! i bowl professionally	that is fascinating ! one of my four siblings bowls .	 i think it is silly sometimes but i enjoy it . i also work for an insurance place	i just got my first job at mcdonalds . its hard because i hate driving .	 are you afraid of driving ? i just recently got divorced	sorry to hear that . i am scared of making left turns .	 oh , i see . sorry to hear that . my grandmother is also afraid of that .	it is very inconvenient . my blue civic does not get used much .	 sounds like a nice car . is there something you can do to overcome it ?	maybe therapy . how are you doing with the divorce ?	 it is hard , i have 2 kids . my son is ok , my daughter is angry .	that is too bad . i hope they are able to work through things .	 maybe therapy , like you . how is work at mcdonalds ?	awful , it is hard for me to get around the kitchen because i cannot turn left
 what are your plans on this beautiful day ?	gonna chill with my two turtles and play games . you ?	 great . i am going to take pictures to do of the beautiful outdoors	it rains here too much . i like red . what is your fav color ?	 green , like the beautiful grass and nature	ah that is nice . like my turtles . you have pets ?	 no i do not . i need one though , especially because my husband died recently	oh i am sorry that is sad	 it really helps me by taking pictures . makes me feel better . one day i will be famous	nice i hope you will remember me	 i will . you seem like such a great person	thanks that is nice to hear	 do you have anything else to tell me about yourself ?	i like movies , gone with the wind , but it is a bit dated .	 old movies are great . much better than what is out there right now	yes modernity is a bust for sure . what are you eating ?
dancing with my friends is my thing . do you dance socially too ?	i just got back from walking my dogs , we do long walks .	 going to school is something i like . how about you ?	no i do not dance but i cook , do you cook ?	 yes . i cook various items . what do you cook ?	i already finished school , my mom live with me now .	 i adore being run . what about you ?	mostly asian food and some mexican , and you ?	 i love american , mexican , asian and italian food .	my hobby is gardening , i love flowers , do you like it ?	 i have an admiration for gardening and flowers too . my family is all tall .	i enjoy walking instead of running .	 what else do you like to do ?	how tall ? like giant ? or like 6 feet ?
 hello how are you today ?	good . i love watching anime , and roleplaying while visiting comic con . you will always see me reading	 that is awesome , i am not really into anime .	cool you should read my manga i draw a lot of comics	 that would be interesting , with ocd its hard for me to relinquish control .	try role playing with me i have a dungeons and dragons game coming up soon	 i would love to ! the kids i teach at my elementary school love and !	me too ! i think critical role is on twitch today you should watch it	 my bf watches twitch a lot .	critical role is a live d and d game with lots of great voice actors	 oath hm , never heard of it . what do you do for a living ?	i use long sticks to poke to eyes out of fish to make fehs	 did not know you could do thatfor a living , i am vegan , so i could not do it ! haha	its ok i only need sunlight and water to survive its like i am a mutant .	 that is interesting , like mutant ninja turtle ? lol	yeah this was fun i love you	 this is still fun ! i have never chatted with a mutant before .	you should more often , cause we make really sexy friends	 hush , yeah something like that .	ok well then i guess this is goodbye if you do not want to be lovers	 i definitely do not . i am too much of hypochondriac to love anyone	oh guess you did not notice but i do not have any germs on me
 hey , i am permitting , what are you up to ?	i have too many kids to watch , so i really do not need any pets	 how many kids do you have ?	five . what are you setting ?	 i am watching a lady bichon frise at the moment .	what do you do when not petsetting ?	 i am usually reading , my favorite book is the tale of genii . you ?	i do not work outside the home , but i like crafts and drawing .	 what kind of crafts do you do ?	all kinds , i do them with the kids . i like movies too .	 whats your favorite movie ?	i like all kinds , except horror . what do you like ?
hi there ! hows it going ?	great . how are you doing today ?	 doing well thanks off work . i am an extra for major motion pictures . what do you do ?	that sounds exciting . i work for an insurance company .	 what do you do off work ? i am trying to publish a novel love writing	funny you say that , i enjoy listening to audio books . .	 maybe i can write on for you one day lol .	sounds great ! i also love boating . what else do you like ?	 most things art . i am a painter as well . hope to paint my own book covers	that is cool . have you met anyone famous ? my mom met elvis .	 whoa ! that is one to remember . my identical twin brother is in la so he probably has .	oh cool a twin ! so what are you doing this weekend ?
i love taylor swifts new album !	i am not familar with it , did you hear about troy gentry passing away today ?	 no , i did not . i might have to ask my husband .	so very sad . helicopter accident . do you have any loved one in rimas path ?	 i do not . it is sad . i got married in florida .	we have been to disney and loved it but live in the midwest	 i heard that taylor swift donated money to texas .	she sure has enough to do such a thing i have been out on a hike today	 mu husband loves hiking !	i usually take my two dogs with me and they love it	 my husband takes care of our girls . so , they hike together .	do you ever hike with them ?	 i do . its part the reason i married him .	wow . . . that is cool . have you seen any good movies lately ?	 i have been watching more tv than movies .	i like to take my grandsons to the movie makes for a fun time
 do you have any children ?	no . do you think the rich should be taxed ?	 i would not mind paying more taxes if i had a lot more money .	the taxes that i pay is cutting into my food money .	 i hear that i have three kids and am expecting twins . imagine that food bill .	yes of course . i cant understand how people are not rich though	 i have to stay in bed for the next 5 months so i cannot work currently .	i understand . am a financial advisor for a forbes list corporation	 do you have a degree in	i have a phd in business . i think everyone can accomplish the same thing	 i am only 26 and everyone says it is never too late to get an education .	i applaud you if you do . if not i would despise that of you	 this is my last pregnancy as i have been sick daily for the past 3 months .	i bet that you would love to eat with me
 hey ! or hello rather . hay is for horses	ll , you are funny ! do you like to tell jokes ?	 only really bad ones . . have to have a sense of humor . i am a ginger	ah , do you watch south park ? gives you a bad impression of gingers !	 yes great show . fiendishly inappropriate humor	very enjoyable ! what else do you like to do ?	 i am learning spanish for fun . i ask already speak german . you ?	i like to swim a lot . other than that i spend my time reading .	 what kind of stuff do you read ?	i like most fiction books . i love young adult series .	 i need to read more . i am more of an outdoorsy kinda guy	well , its been good chatting with you !	 same ! nice getting to know you	most definitely . i think i will read a bit and then hit the hay . . .
 hello i am so glad to meet you	hey , i am glade to meet you too .	 where do you currently reside	i reside in new york with my parents but tell me about yourself	 i am a stay at home mom and i love pugs , my kids , and the rockies .	that sounds like an awesome job . do you play games with your kids ?	 yeah now that i am done with law school we have lots of play time	great is sounds like a lot of fun . would u like to know a little about myself ?	 of course ! i would love to .	for 32 year i have been with my parents who always want for jobs	 wow that must be hard	i am sorry i never got your name , my name is trevor	 oh how silly huh ! angela .	yes it is hard but i usually relax by playing my games .	 what kind of games do you play	angela is a nice name , and i usually play sport games
 hi how are you today	ok , i just moved from virginia to panama and my fibromyalgia is flaring up already .	 do you work anywhere then	beadwork at home , but i grew up on a farm . do you work ?	 i used to be i am retired	me too . now i just read books all day	 what kind of books then	books written by witches using spells to cure fibromyalgia mostly .	 that sounds like big fun	almost as big as the farm i grew up on ! what did you do before you retired ?	 i was a teacher yeah	wow ! what state did you teach in ?	 i taught in nc over there	when i said i moved to panama i meant pennsylvania . i just forgot what pa stood for	 that is quite alright we forget things	i wish i could forget about this damn fibromyalgia . i dread the coming winter . .
 good morning from new york ! !	good morning from wind blown and flooded florida	 oh no ! how are you holding up down there ?	we are ok lost a bunch of trees on my property so clean up	 i bet it makes for awesome pictures though .	yes everybody shares them with news stations here and becomes florida famous .	 i love taking photos . so when you say we . . . do you have a family ?	there are four of us we were going to drive to north carolina next week .	 oh . do you have a place to stay there ?	my uncle lives there , i always stay in hotel with a bar to watch ufc fights .	 that is good . i am the youngest in my family with two older brothers .	i am smack dab in the middle of five kids and have two .	 its nice to get away though . i am attending nyu right now .	we probably wo not get away too much cleanup and such and mess .	 well i guess good luck and enjoy the rest and relax in nc while you can !	thanks , the songeasy street just came up on my phone .
 hey how are you today ?	i am great . how are you doing ?	 i am doing . i just got finished riding my bike	i like riding my bike . i do it everyday .	 it is good exercise and helps me keep my legs strong since i am waitress	do you ever ride your bike to work	 sometimes . if the weather is good	do you like animals at all ?	 i do . me and my 5 brothers and sisters love animals	i love having a dog	 they are man best friend	they are for sure . do you like halloween ?	 i do . do you like drawing	no . i do like going outside and looking at the clouds .	 that is cool . it is one of my favorite things	do you like photography ? i like taking pictures .
 hello there , hows your day yo	amazing . its my double down skin day . . . and chinese takeout day . my faves !	 that is whats up ! i am smoking a fatty , listening to some tupac	weed kills the growth hormones in your skin . . . you probably have terrible acne	 naw man my skin is legit smooth as butta . do you work ?	yeah . i amma cashier now . but , i have an audition next week , i will def be an actress	 good for you ! that will be fun . i am working in it right now	you wear khakis everyday huh ?	 naw i wear cool threads . hey what are your hobbies	dressing up , acting , skin care , and eating out . . . you ?	 just smoking weed really , and also i looooove eating meat . and hiphop	weed smoking it guy ? no cliches there , lol .	 ll that is whats up ! i smoke all day and night . do you smoke ?	no , its bad for your pores . i juice .	 juice ? sounds badass ! i love meat too much though , do you eat meat ?	in moderation . the takeout i order is usually way too salty and it dries out my pores .
 geez my mom calls at the same time every day . i am talking to her now .	i would love that . . . if mine was alive	 i am like yes mom i know i am single and i like rap music .	i would be like yes mom i still live in california	 i would like to be in california . i wish they all could be california girls .	the more i read the more i love it here . reading on the beach rules	 lots of fishing there too . i like fishing a lot . almost as much as rap music .	i love to fish almost as much as i love working at the power plant	 ! day maybe i will be there on the beach when mom calls . yeah i am a surfer .	that is tight . we could take my chevy to the beach	 gone fishing in your chevy at the lake . that can be a country song .	that is what i was thinking , let us eat spaghetti	 us single guys eat spaghetti a lot . its easy , simple and good .	too easy but bad for our waist
 hello ! how are you tonight ?	i am good . just got done listening to some relaxing classical	 i should listen to that . i have been pretty depressed lately .	try reading a good book with a hot chocolate . hope that make you feel better	 maybe . my girlfriend took off with and married my best friend .	wow , that must come as a shock to you . sorry . music will help you out	 yes . do you have any hobbies ? i like to hunt ducks and tailgate .	yes , i would love to travel the world some day with my family	 me too ! i have never traveled in an airplane .	it it not a great experience , let me tell you .	 lol . do you work ? i operate my family farm .	yes , i currently have a stable job . but i also do lots of volunteering for public library	 that is very nice of you . it is good to volunteer .	i love to read and enjoy the quiet moment	 too busy on the farm for that . when it slows down , i sleep .	it can get hectic sometime with my life , but i always try to make sometime for family
 do you ever feel like you have been here before ?	yes i do an i believe we all have .	 me too . do you like social situations ? they make me anxious .	like to workout ? i do at night .	 i worked out today but its hard for me . i have ocd .	really ? why ? i need a new camera bad .	 with my mild ocd its hard for me to touch things others have .	i love some good hot food .	 i eat a lot of cuban when i go to florida .	like movies ? i work in a theater .	 i do enjoy the odd film .	really ? how does that taste ? i know my hair would be in the way .	 i work as an accountant , freelance .	that is cool , do you like it ?	 it pays the bills for sure .	i gotcha , it does for sure .
 hi how are you doing today ?	hi , fine and how are you ?	 i am good what do you do for work	i work at our local hospital , how about you	 i am in 9th grade so i cannot yet .	so what do you want to do when u finish school	 i play hockey so maybe the nhl	playing hockey sound like fun	 it is . i am a boy !	do you like cars or trucks ?	 when i drive i might get both	i drive a toyota car but trying to buy a truck
 oh my gosh , my cats just knocked over my husbands taco bell award and broke it .	oh no ! what is a taco bell award ?	 before he was the ceo , he got manager of the year .	that is really impressive ! i just got hired at google	 congratulations ! what are the perks ? i heard that they are great .	i get a self driving car as soon as their ready	 that is awesome . blue i hope , best color ever .	mine too , but i am most excited by the computer !	 what type of computer ? to keep ?	yes they gave me a laptop	 oh , you can listen to my sister madonna on it .	wow ! your sister is madonna ?	 yes and i am about to become the queen of england soon .	you must be very excited
 what is your favorite soda to drink	i do not drink soda . do you have any hobbies ?	 i really like to read . you ?	i like to go fishing .	 are you a married person	i am not . do you have a favorite place to go to .	 six flags great adventure to drink dr . pepper	i like going to the creek to drink beer .	 what is your professional job	i fish for sunfish .	 do you have any dogs	i do not have any dogs . you ?	 i have four dogs . what is your favorite way to eat fish	sunfish are not edible , but they are pretty to look at .	 i work in nursing . how is your health	my health is very good .
 hello , how are you tonight ?	i am doing great , how about you ?	 have a headache , but doing fine .	had you been close i could have baked you some cookies to make you better	 that sounds amazing , but i have my ten cats to keep me company	pets are not allowed where i live , unfortunately .	 weird question , what color hair do you have ? mine is red and long	black hair ! fun fact about me , i was born on christmas day	 that is crazy , double the presents !	yes . and i always bake a pecan pie , which everyone loves !	 i prefer blue jello as dessert for the holidays	great choice . what do you do for a living ?	 i use my computer to work from home	i am a lawyer . sometimes i work from home too .	 what is your favorite food ?	i love fried chicken ! how about you ?
 i cannot believe i am six months from retirement . what will i do ?	i work out a lot almost everyday so that is one option ! !	 hardcore ! my mother was a dancer , i am also a ballerina . good workout !	yea i bet . i fly kites so not much of a workout but its fun	 that is too fun though ! do you make your own ?	i do . my neighbor comes and chills a lot , watches rugby so i chill and make kites	 does your neighbor support your kiting ? my family is on board with my dancing .	yea he does . and that is great you dance . dance over here and help me with my car	 i am on my way ! what is the issue ?	it broke down last week and now it will not run	 since i am retiring , i can donate much time to help you . do not cry .	your the man ! ! drinks on me	 high five ! this old , white , dancer to the rescue . car talk style .	haha where are you from ? i am from georgia	 i am in seattle right now . that is a bit of a trip i would say .	i would meet you half way if i had a car
 hi how are you today ?	i a , find but sad for my blind son today	 why are you sad for him ?	he was turned down for harvard but he did get accepted into yale	 well good thing he can not see your sadness on your face	you are right i feel better now . how are you today ?	 i am okay do you only have one kid ?	yes i named him after my twin sister jess , short for jessica	 my name is steve , short for steve	nice to meet you you . what do you do ?	 i draw a lot really	wow you are an artist . i fly planes for southwest	 can i get a free ride then ?	yes you can just say you are a friend of mine and you are good to go	 i appreciate that where are we headed ?	i go anywhere in the southwest usa
hello , how are you doing today ?	i am doing well and you ?	 i am doing well tell me about yourself . i am a retired mature woman .	interesting , i am working at a grocery store but i am really an actress	 i am retired so spend most of my days with my husband and helping at a local shelter	fun ! i do not cook because i am constantly taking care of my skin	 that makes sens . i love to cook , we live in the country so not may restaurants .	cool ! i hoping to be famous	 that would be fun , you been on tv at all ?	no , but maybe someday haha	 do not ever give up your dream .	so what do you do for fun ?	 i cook mostly . i love pasta so always looking for new recipes	umm ! i love pasta as well but only from olive garden
 hi , how are you doing ?	pretty good thanks and you ?	 i am doing great , relaxing eating cheesecake	do you do any drugs ?	 all the money i got i could buy them all but not my cup of tea	oh i love marijuana very much	 the bud was my best friend in college	now i do it like a nerd	 ll anything else you like ?	i listen to music do you	 yeah l like r b music	rap is totally my favorite y o	 cool , my wifes into rap	how long have you been married ?	 10 years to miss usa	impressive where do you work
i am feeling so zen right now	awesome , i am just hanging out here .	 man , have you heard the benefits of mindfulness mediation ? really clears you up	heard something about it when i was travelling with a friend .	 believe me when i tell you that 10 mins of deliberate mindful mediation can change your life .	sounds awesome ! i think i will see what my friends on facebook think about it as well .	 before you ask , yeah i am pretty much a liberal cliche . vegan , i practice yoga . the whole 9	that is cool , i have got liberal views myself .	 ll ! i am in good company i guess , lets put you to the test !	sure , go ahead ! i am up to the challenge .	 how do you feel about medicare for all ?	totally ! done right , making sure there is no biases , yeah !	 nice . how about universal basic income ? i think holland is trying it right now	it can only improve our economy . its trickle up , not down .	 well whad ya know , someone just as much of a hippie dippy as i am . d	yep , that i am , and loving it !	 been lovely chatting with you but i gig check out dan harris for more on mediation .	will do , thanks ! nice to have met you !
 hi there , how is your day ?	hey . i am well . how about yourself ?	 feeling a bit different today . borderline personality disorder , you see	ah manic depressive . how to you cope ? meditation ? any hobbies ?	 i cope by going into my own universe where everyone else is just a character	huh we have so much in common . are you into roleplaying ?	 yes , especially in the club scene in atlanta and music festivals . i like to party	i have been to atlanta a few times . i live in new orleans . i really love to party	 in the daytime , i am just a regular dental assistant , but in a ritzy part of town	i hit up thrift stores and flip the stuff i find on ebay	 that sounds like fun . what do you do for fun ?	i am very eccentric . i do funky stuff . make my own clothes . yoga	 we sound like we would be great friends	we probably would . but i am kind of a hermit too . introverted . what about you ?
hello there , my name is sam !	hi how are you doing ?	 i am just getting geared up for hunting season ! and you ?	oh not much just watching tv	 anything good on ? i do not usually watch a lot .	i am watching will and grace	 whats that show about ? anything interesting ?	its about gay people in ny	 oh okay ! i have heard of that show ! i am a huge fan of animal planet .	are you an animal person ?	 very much so . i spend some of my weekend a st . francis the local animal shelter here	do you have any pets ?	 i have three . two cats ; bonnie and clyde . and a german shepherd named bane	i have two dogs and a cat	 what are their furry little names ?	i have rex , pepper and miko
hello . how are you doig today ?	i am well , thanks ! just woke up , getting read to make breakfast .	 that sounds delish . i made pancakes and bacon .	i bought some organic eggs and vegetables at the farmers market . they did not have bacon .	 your breakfast sounds a lot healthier than mine was !	i try to eat healthy .	 i need to do the same . . . recent blood pressure issues .	you definitely want to get on top of that , for sure . are you married ?	 no , i am divorced . are you married ?	no . i am not sure why , but i have not found mr . right , yet .	 he will find you if he is the real mr . right .	that is what i keep telling myself . maybe i should go blonde ? ha !
 hey there ! do you have any pets ?	i do ! i have a pug . how about you ?	 aww ! how cute . what is his name ? i have a poodle named george !	george is such a classy name ! my dog is named name is corky .	 that is a cute name . what do you do for work ?	i work in a mexican restaurant . how about you ?	 i love mexican food ! i work from home . i really love my job	it is quite good . what do you do for fun ?	 i used to work for directv cable company and i hated it ! i love the beach	my favorite thing to do is shopping , but the beach is also fantastic !	 oh shopping is so fun ! where is your favorite place to shop ?	there is a great mall about an hour from my house but it is worth it !	 cool ! i do not live near a big mall .	where do you live ? i am in chicago .	 i live in raleigh	what state is that in ?
good evening . how are you ?	hi , i am just fine , thanks for asking	 you like music ? i love classic rock .	yes i love music gospel music best	 very cool . i like playing music when i am working on my cars .	that sound good , i listen to music when i driving	 me too . i go play pool and darts a lot so i have to drive there .	i enjoy reading books , what about you	 well , lately i have been traveling and sampling beers .	ok , i like traveling and sampling foods	 oh , i like food as well lol	i grew up on a small farm , how about you	 i mostly live in suburban areas . the city when i got older .	that sound , how is the weather there
 hello , how are you tonight ?	i am doing good , how are you ?	 good , just selling some clothes on facebook .	oh , i sometimes list my clothes on facebook when i cant sleep .	 when i cant sleep i clean the house , i usually hate it .	i always end up going to bed late . what do you enjoy ?	 i have two kids , i enjoy spending time with them . how about you ?	i love programming , so much so i am in school to be a computer engineer	 that sounds amazing . i know nearly nothing about it .	you should look into it . hoping i can own my own company one day .	 i hope you can , i would like to be my own boss .	i hope so too . me and my best friend together .	 my best friend is blonde with straight hair and i have dark curly hair .	that is cool . my best friend has dark curly hair too . his boyfriend loves it	 nice , how long have you been best friends ?	since we were kids . how about you and your best friend ?
 hello ! how is your day ? i just got home from walking dogs	i just got back from a run with my dog bacon	 cute name ! animals make me so happy . what kind of dog ?	australian shepherd mix . . he is my buddy out side my 3 kids	 smart dogs ! i have a kid also , well he is 18 now	2 are grown for me as well just 1 left scary 16	 fun age . my son is no longer a vegan , like me . . . makes me sad	my daughter no longer does rainy day 16 candles makes me sad	 that is a bummer . my son wants a hamburger but i will not make it	i love cheesecake which is why i run so much	 i can make a yummy vegan cheesecake !	i drive over 1000 miles every pay period so i splurge	 why so far ? i spend my time signing petitions for animals rights .	i do sales and uber gotta get my youngest in college	 do you like uber ? i walk dogs but could pick up another job	its nice in my area i do not weekends
 i can get you a good deal on round trip tickets to jamaica .	cool . i travel often so that could be useful . where do you live ?	 great , i am now your new best friend in new york city .	haha that is funny . i am currently in japan .	 a travel agent best friend is serious business for the traveler . best deals !	great . i have not been home in like 2 years . maybe we can go together one day	 i love all the j places . japan , jakarta , but jamaica is my favorite destination .	ja man . i went to jamaica once and a rasta rolled up a fat one	 i run the show at my parents travel agency , we can go there any time .	i am a freelance programmer . i make a lot of money to fund my traveling lifestyle	 awesome , i knew this was a good match . next month is barbados , interested ?	sure i am down . i know a guy we can get pot from down there	 you can get similar highs from working out . running on the shores of the world .	yea i prefer drugs . i am lazy haha
 hey how are you doing today ?	i am well , sugar . how are you ?	 i am great , just eating lots of meat , my favorite , what about you ?	i am good , though i really should not be on the computer since my nails are drying .	 that is not good , do you ever online shop ?	yes ! you can find great deals on pageant dresses . what do you get online ?	 i generally shop for clothing and stuff for the house .	what is your family like ?	 we all eat together , mostly pork because i am lazy .	my husband and i eat out . he is pretty busy as an attorney for nike .	 that is great , i kind of want to become a vegetarian , any opinions ?	other contestants i have met who have gone vegan look fabulous ! go for it .	 i will at your advice , thank you sugar !	no , thank you ! it was a real pleasure !
hey there ! hows is hanging ?	pretty good and how about you ?	 doing great just got back from hunting and settling down with baseball !	sounds interesting . just left the gym myself	 i am thin myself , sitting back and watching walking dead and the tigers	i stay in shape by putting on some christian electronic dance and hitting the tread mill .	 wow that is interesting ! maybe i will try that out when hunting	we did a prayer service for the poor this am . some think i am obsessed .	 that is good of ya , sometimes we all need a little prayer , like tigers baseball	yeah i worry alot about what they are going to do ! maybe my apps will help .	 your apps ? maybe they could try being a extra on walking dead	cell apps to help with the worlds troubles . you know real ones .	 interesting . would be nice if were as easy as baseball	yeah . too many people have too little . i just want to help .
 hello . how are you ? do you have kids ?	no . i am just fourteen myself .	 my youngest kid is 14 . do you have hobbies ?	swimming and playing video games and believe it or not , sports cars	 what is your favorite food ?	pizza all day long . what do you like to eat ?	 hot wings . so good . do you like to sing ?	i am not good . grandpa and mom say for me to be quiet .	 my church has a choir . i sing soprano . you should sing in church .	my friends carol , mia and stephanie do that . i am not a good singer though .	 my kids say i am not that good . but i am on the road often .	what is your job ? i bet you sing in the car too .	 i drive a truck .	stick shift ? you are good ! my grandmother drives a stick .	 no . i am a commercial truck driver .	and you sing too . i want to learn to drive sports cars and trucks
 hey ! how are you ? let us get to know each other ! what is your favorite color ?	hi ! i love yellow . it is a happy color ! what is yours ?	 mine is green ! what kind of music do you like ? i love rock ! guitars are awesome !	i actually teach piano in my music class .	 oh cool ! ! that is awesome , do you do anything else for work ?	no because i am up early , have my coffee and work until 5 .	 i see , makes sense , i hate my job , mcdonalds . it pays the bills though	i understand . i used to work at a candy store . i ate more chocolate than i sold !	 what is your name ? mine is gerald . my friends call me gerry .	mine is carol and i have a sister name sue . we are twins .	 cool ! do you like sports ? i think basketball is probably my favorite .	i do like sports . i especially like baseball and hockey .	 hockey is cool , i like the bruins , you ?	pittsburgh penguins are my favorite ! and i love the chicago cubs !	 cool ! we seem like we have a bit in common	yes we do ! what do you do in your spare time ? i love to go for coffee .
 how are you ? just got back from a fishing trip . caught salmon	good . parlayed some info from clients to place good bets !	 are you a gambler ? my hobby is go cart racing	no comment about gambling . but every bit helps my humble business , consulting .	 going to grill this salmon on my george foreman grill . hate fast food	i hear you on that . what do you do for work ?	 i play the guitar . but that is not really my profession .	oh ? i give out stats for games and consult my clients firmly .	 sounds like a gambling consultant . is that your job ?	something like that . what do you do ?	 i sell things on the internet , music repair parts	i knew someone who was an online seller . i bumped into him earlier today .	 what does he sell ? does he do high volume sales ?	we just said , hi . i bet that you can fix my guitar .	 depends what is wrong with it	a dead spot at a fret . go , orange ! hint , hint .
hi , how are you doing ? i am getting ready to do some cheetah chasing to stay in shape .	you must be very fast . hunting is one of my favorite hobbies .	 i am ! for my hobby i like to do canning or some whittling .	i also remodel homes when i am not out bow hunting .	 that is neat . when i was in high school i placed 6th in 100m dash !	that is awesome . do you have a favorite season or time of year ?	 i do not . but i do have a favorite meat since that is all i eat exclusively .	what is your favorite meat to eat ?	 i would have to say its prime rib . do you have any favorite foods ?	i like chicken or macaroni and cheese .	 do you have anything planned for today ? i think i am going to do some canning .	i am going to watch football . what are you canning ?	 i think i will can some jam . do you also play footfall for fun ?	if i have time outside of hunting and remodeling homes . which is not much !
 hello . would you like to chat tonight with an hold hockey player ?	whoooooo karaoke night tommorow ! i would love to chat with a hockey player over a song	 oh nice ! i cannot play anymore due to having asthma though .	i need to figure out how to eat apples without a epi pen . . . ever have apple pie ?	 yes . i love apple pie . i am trying to find a new dance partner .	i do enjoy game night at the elementary school . 6th graders rock teaching	 oh nice ! i enjoy going running in the morning times .	football or hockey ? crosswords or crocheting for rainy days when not running ?	 well hockey will always have my heart . well rainy days i practice my love of dancing .	i teach 6th grade girls volleyball . . . but do love hockey games after karaoke	 oh i bet . i intimidate a lot of kids being 6 foot tall .	i could imagine so ! what is your favorite apple ?	 yellow apples . how about yours ?	one that i could eat without having hives .	 oh must be horrible to be allergic to such a nice fruit .	indeed , but with a boston cover on the radio , all is good
 hello how are you today ?	very busy . i am on break at the diner i work at .	 cool i just got off a band gig i play the guitar	short order cook here . although i write romance novels on the side .	 i have a small farm in ohio dreaming to go to the city for once	what do you want to do in the city ? i would sing , but i am terrible .	 i just want to see the lights my 3 older brother live there . i am the baby	i did some hiking last summer . . . appalachian trail .	 that is cool cool . what else do you like ?	the grateful dead ! i used to follow them .	 wow you are a dead head how cool is that !	back then i used the same fake name i now use when i write novels .	 you are a novelist that is cool as well	but i am terrible at it , just as bad as my singing .	 all you have to do is keep at it would will become good	sure , sure . hope that is true . hey , i have to get back to work now .
 hey there how are you ?	i am good . do you work ?	 i am just getting ready to get my nails done	do you have them done professionally or do you do them ?	 no my husband is an attorney , i am a beauty queen .	wow that is amazing where do you live ?	 oh no professionally , i use to compete .	do you have any kids ?	 we live in cali , love the weather , do you have cats ? or kids ?	three kids , i live in arizona where it is warm i do not like winter	 i need to go visit my cousin there an i have a son owen .	where is your cousin we live in scottsdale	 my cousin is where you live	we have been here for years i have a huge family 5 brothers and four sisters	 she has a cat but i am allergic .	i just graduated a few years ago from asu and have my own online store
 hello how are you today	pretty good and yourself ?	 i am find just listening to justin bieber	cool friends call me frank , what is your name	 i am sonny my 2 boys are named after me	cool , why are you sorry ?	 no my name is sonny . what do you like to do ?	i enjoy reading and cycling , you ?	 i love horseback riding we go every month while camping	that is great , i also travel to canada on weekends for relaxing , do you travel	 yes i just went to japan	really ! very nice , i am hoping to compete on a professional love cycling	 i think you could do anything	thanks for the encouragement , that is my dream	 tell me more about you	well i work as general manager at a grocery store for living
hi there , how is it going ? all is well i hope	hi i am doing okay glad to finally have some time off . how are you	 i am great too but busy with work lol , do you like music ?	that sounds like me i work over 55 hours a week . i do when i have time	 i like to listen to two steps from hell , have you heard of them ?	no i have not what kind of music do they play	 they play rock mostly , but for movie trailers	oh that is pretty cool . what do you do in your spare time	 mostly eat tubs of gummy worms to satisfy my craving lol	i go to the gym but not as often as i should	 maybe i should start going ! at least i eat tuna salad every day	that is healthy . i always go back to sleep after eating in the mornings	 do you have any other hobbies apart from gym ?	no i do not really have time for anything anymore
 hi how are you today	hey do you have a favorite color . i am well . yourself ?	 i am good thanks no i do not	married ? do you have a family ?	 no is your dad alive	yeah he works up north . i go to school . you ?	 my dad died when i was a baby	i am sorry to hear that . do you work ? any hobbies ?	 i am very competitive but no work	what are you competitive in ? games ? sports ?	 everything i despise losing yeah	i really feel that . i get heated when i lose . i am working on it though	 yeah you should help me out	how can i help you ?	 teach me to be humble in defeat	i am a work in progress myself . i do not know . just ease up .
hi	i left the grocery store an they had samples for fish sticks ! yuck !	 fish sticks are horrible for your health	i know that is why i	 any fast food is unhealthy . that is why i am a vegetarian	me too ! i am a vegan lol i cant believe i love cats lol	 cats are the best pets !	i know i have 23 ! i pick up 1 every time i travel !	 oh my , those are a lot of cats ! you are doing amazing things sweetie	yes i try i paint them all the time when i am home , whats your favorite meal ?	 i love anything that is a salad really	yes me too ! ! ! !
 hi there , how are you ?	hi ! i am working on my puzzles . do you like puzzles like i do ?	 what kind of puzzles ? jigsaw , crosswords . . . ?	jigsaw mostly . i am also a fiction writer . and a teacher . you ?	 college student . not a lot of free time , but do enjoy puzzles	cool . do you like music ? i love country .	 i like a little of everything . what do you teach ?	arts crafts . is your dad still alive ? mine works at home depot .	 yes he is , he works at the local hospital a doctor	impressive ! anything else you want to tell me about yourself ?	 do you play any sports ? i like playing football	none . they do not interest me .	 what about movies ? what kind of movies do you like ?	love them ! i think i like all types . you ?	 i enjoy them as well . favorite are action movies !	did you see baby driver ?
 hey there how are you this evening ?	great ! just picked up the keys to my first house !	 i have been up all hours of the night just writing .	i enjoy writing so much ! i know exactly how you feel	 awesome ! did you buy or rent ? facetime me let me see it !	i bought it ! it has the perfect nook for writing all night	 i am writing a book , have a bbq an invite me !	i am passionate about bbq , writing a bbq book right now	 awesome ! my desk i wrote is a sleek black desk its my fav color	it sounds like a superb writing environment	 awww a cook book ! nice hold the pickles on my burger an i am there !	the pickles are the best part of the whole experience though !	 yes it is , any favorite tv shows ? mine is rick an morty .	i like the hunting shows , like duck dynasty	 not to me lol they are nasty .	i often go hunting for pickles with my siblings
 hi there ! tell me about yourself	hello hello ! i am studying education , and i am a friendly vegan .	 that is awesome . my husband is ceo of taco bell . we are probably enemies	oh my gosh . i am sorry , i guess we cannot be friends . i am still friendly though .	 do you like madonna ? she is my sister . i can probably get you tickets if you want	you are kidding ! i am a huge fan !	 that is awesome ! i love my sister but she hates my five cats .	what a shame . i just started dating someone with 2 cats . 5 cats though . . . wow	 its a lot . but when i am queen of england , someone else will clean it up	you should go for it . your husband can be ceo and the king of a country	 true . plus i really like blue , which is close to royal purple	what a sumptuous color . i visit art museums and i love how monet uses blues and purples .
 so , any exciting plans for the day ?	not really but i like to read so will do that !	 nice relaxing day . i am going to repair some trucks this afternoon .	that is great . do you have any dogs ? i have 4 and they are adopted	 i have one . four would be a dream come true !	dogs are very special indeed	 i am trying to find a kennel for mine when i go on vacation .	good luck . you will find one . who is your favorite actor ?	 i am a big fan of liam neeson , who is your favorite ?	i love meryl streep . i wrote a biography once of her , she is amazing !	 she is indeed . timeless and iconic lady !	could not agree more . i can send you the book i wrote if you want	 i would love to read it , she is fascinating .	i will mail it soon . anyway , do you think karma is real ?	 feels like it sometimes , but politics proves me wrong every time	i hear you on that . politics and famous people for sure
 ello there mate hows it hanging ?	i am doing pretty good ! how about yourself ? you from the uk ?	 i am cherry as a plum and no buddy from australia	oh , i took my girlfriend down under last year . you grill em best out back .	 yeeeessss put that hard shell shrimp right there in er barbi	shrimp , steaks , fish , you name it . some of the best food on earth !	 you got er mate ya like fast cars by chance ?	love em . some of the guys in my unit have some really nice cars . bu ?	 yes oh yes i love the high horsepower the vibrations get me so wet	you jet ski ? i met some guys in germany who were big into jet skiing .	 yes all the time i am in this fancy fancy club we go weekly	oh , that is impressive . my dads in the elks and he is in a club like that .	 i just park the little bugger out somewhere and fish right off er	oh , i love it . what are you fishing for out there ?	 sharks dodgy little cunts to catch but well worth it	i have never had shark . next time we come down , maybe . take it easy !
 wow i can not believe it is this late . been playing halo .	i am up making clothes	 you must be a sewer . my mom sews .	i sew yes , what kind of hobbies do you have	 i stay very active . reading is also my passion . how about you ?	playing the piano and going to music shows	 where do you work ? i write articles for a gaming magazine .	i am a student at asu	 bet you stay busy studying . do you make clothes for yourself ?	yes mostly i made some for others	 that is nice . are you taking fashion classes ?	no i am studying public relations	 i see . i have to get going soon . up for work at 6 am .	i understand i have to get up early for class	 nice getting to know you . good luck in all your classes .	nice meeting you are you leaving
 hello how are you doing tonight ?	i am well . ears are kind of ringing . you ?	 surprised i can type this since i do not know how to write	well earlier i just completely forgot to spell . do you think the universe has a purpose ?	 i know i have a purpose after i survived a brain aneurysm	that is incredible ! i am glad that your brain still works good enough . do you work ?	 i cannot since i cant see more than a few hundred feet in front of myself	my vision is fairly poor as well . but i can see super great up close .	 that is good then you can still work . i hang out with my cats . only have 5 now	that is not even enough cats if you really think about it . i have only 3 dogs .	 i miss my 6th cat . she ran away . i like dogs too	i raise pitbulls . my name is michael . you ?	 i married my best friend my 12th grade	i did not have a highschool sweetheart . i started dating in college . good for you !	 thank goodness i married my man . he was there when i called 911 for my brain aneurysm	i am so sorry to hear about your aneurysm . bless your heart .
 hi , do you live in the country like me ? any animals ?	i do , but i love traveling . been to every state but alaska . yes , a cat .	 travelling ? my husband is in the military , so we have travelled !	yes . i like going new places to paddle board . where have you been ?	 well , have not gone anywhere recently , as i am pregnant . first kid , too !	congratulations ! first baby ? i have two kids so my world traveling has slowed down much .	 two kids ! wonderful ! my preacher dad would be happy that you were fruitful !	where do you live ? i love my cabin in the woods !	 why , i live in the country in a cabin , too ! have a beautiful horse called beauty !	lovely ! we love the woods and the lake that is a stones throw away .	 a lake ! that is wonderful , we have one within walking distance , too !	that is awesome . i am feel blessed that i can paddle board and swim on hot days .
good evening	harry died .	who is harry ?	i love it when you pretend you do not know me .	it must be my forgetful mind , i am getting old you know .	i know , i know , i am 77 myself this year .	 i have trouble with all the names i have to remember , i have so many grandchildren	i have to go make some coffee . black , like death . tell me about them again .	 i have so many ages 30 all the way down to 7 years old	humph . you are so lucky . harry was all i had . will i die now too ?	 no i have a feeling you will be around for awhile	who doing the best out of your children ?	 i think mary is she is a doctor with her own practice .	she was always so bright . that long strawberry blonde hair . . .
 hello , how are you doing today ?	i am well , thanks ! you ? whatsyour favorite color ?	 good to hear ! my favorite color is purple ! what is yours ?	green ! any shade of green , in fact . whats your favorite music ?	 that was my favorite when i was little . i love all types of music really ! you ?	same here . it depends on what i am doing . i have an eclectic ipod library .	 awesome . so what do you do for a living ?	i run a charity for injured veterans in my dads memory . you ?	 oh wow that is amazing . i work for a video game company and design games .	that is really cool . how long have you been doing that ?	 for about 5 years . eventually i want to startup my own company .	that is ambitious . i am working on a tennis tournament to raise funds .
 hello there , how are you today ?	hello ! i am great ! busy day working . how about you ?	 same here , about to eat some lunch !	that sounds amazing right now ! what do you do for work ?	 i work for a computer software company . how about you ?	i work in marketing , but i am really trying to build up my online business .	 very interesting . what kind of online business do you operate ?	it is a virtual yoga and meditation class , very different than my day job .	 oh i love yoga . virtual yoga sounds really intriguing	another yogi ! do you do yoga often ?	 every night before bed of course	perfect time to do yoga ! i practice it daily as well .	 lovely , what is you favorite position ?	i really enjoy doing anything with yoga blocks , it helps me relax and meditate .	 yoga blocks rocks ! my dog toto barks at me when i use them	that is so funny ! what kind of dog do you have ?
 hi ! i teach school and live in illinois .	hello ! what do you teach ?	 i teach eighth grade math .	i hate math , i am more of a language arts person since i like to read .	 i love to read as well as volunteer .	do you ever volunteer at comic con ?	 no i volunteer at a not for profit agency .	that is not as much fun . i like to volunteer at comic con because role play is fun .	 my family enjoys volunteering on the weekends but comic con sounds interesting .	i sell my hand drawn comics there and role play with my friends .	 that sounds really exciting . it was nice chatting with you . have a great day !	it was a pleasure ! have a nice night .	 thank you have a good night .	but wait , is it evening for you ?	 yes it is evening here .	i like to stay up reading before bed , do you ?
 hi how are you today ?	doing ok just finished my shift at the hospital	 are you a doctor or a nurse ?	nurse in the emergency room	 oh do you like dogs	i had one for a while after my divorce	 do you listen to music ?	in the car but i prefer reading	 do you read in the car weirdo ?	no not anything except text messages	 i really like 2000s indie music	that figures seems like you would be into that scene	 yeah its for the cool kids	exactly that is what i meant exactly
 how are you doing today ?	pretty good . i actually have a day off from work	 that is nice ! i am reading some	what are you reading ? anything good ?	 a sci fi novel . what color are your eyes ?	my eyes are blue , but i wish they were red like my favorite color	 have you ever tried any of those contacts . they have the color red	i need to try those . they would look awesome	 they have all kinds of designs that make your eyes look magical	so cool . so do you do anything for fun ? i dance !	 i want to buy more art supplies	you do art ? what kind of art do you do ?	 i draw and paint i want to try and make candles too	that is pretty cool . did you parents do anything interesting for work ?
hey how are you today ?	how are you doing today	 doing alright just reading what your plans for day	cooking and spending time with my family	 sounds fun all these phones going off it hard to be a nurse	i wanted to be a nurse	 go be one . just reading cooking books vegan is way to go	got ya my sister is going to school to be a nurse	 well let me finish this book and i will get back at you	ok then you have fun with that book	 well nursing stresses you out so i wish luck with sister	i bet you it does	 well hope you the best and get a book read learn each day	thank you and yeah she told me it is stressful
 hello how are you , i am doing pretty good myself	just sitting here with my dogs , best friends a girl could have .	 dogs are great treat them right they will be your best friends for life	they tore my poster of neil tyson degrasse that was on my wall	 wow do they believe in intelligent design ?	they may , like my favorite magicians . penn and teller .	 i am a big fan of pink floyd they make magical music	astronomical ! i wanted to be an astronaut for most of my life .	 my dream is more plebian i want to own a restaurant	i would come visit . only if you make lasagna . i am like garfield .	 i am looking for a 2nd job , maybe in an italian restaurant	that would be nice . i think that is a good idea .
 hi there . i am just pickling some eggs .	hahahahahahahahahahah haaaaaaaaaaaaaaahhahahahahahhahaha i like to run	 me too . i love going on long hikes .	same , what kind of music do you listen as you run ? creed for me	 soft rock mostly . i listen to hip hop when i play volleyball .	i am pretty carniferous due to the running , hard when you are on welfare	 that is tough . are you looking for a job ?	yes but my dads incarcerated which makes things tough	 that is a shame . does he get out soon ?	i am hoping so , he used to drive big trucks	 i love big trucks . i am getting my nails done today .	oh neat , what color were you thinking ?
 what kind of bagels do you like to make ?	i do not cook , i am a pianist .	 well ok then . who are some of your favorite pianists ?	i love billy joel and elton john .	 nice i love those artists as well .	my father bought me a yellow piano before he passed .	 sorry to hear . what are your other interests ?	thank you , my boyfriend could not come home for the funeral , he is army .	 do you have any other interests ? i want to know more about you !	i know nothing about you , what is your favorite color ?	 light blue . what is yours ?	yellow ! i wear yellow daisies in my short hair .	 wow , that is very cool . i have to go now though . nice meeting you !	bye ! talk to you later .	 goodbye . it was nice speaking with you .	you as well , have a great night .
 good day , how are you ? where ya from ?	hi i am not doing well truthfully . where are you ?	 i have six houses in okla now . oh no whats wrong ?	wow . i do not know . . . i do not understand my own feelings these days .	 feelings are def . hard sometimes ! i ride for stress relief .	maybe i should try that . i cant trust anyone these days . i am so worried about rejection	 motorcycles and horses are my stress beaters ! any reason why u do not burst ?	i am confused about gender and unsure about who i am attracted to	 www i see . i say go with your heart and not care what others think !	well i am mostly worried my parents will reject me	 nothing like a parents love they will come around .	i hope so . everyone standards are so high . how can i live up to them	 live up to your standards not everyone elses	that is good advice . thanks ! tell me more about you ?
 hello how are you doing ?	pretty good , thanks . how about yourself ?	 good . just hanging with friends then off to work .	nice . what do you do for work ?	 got some great friends . real estate and waitress on weekend .	that is awesome to hear ! i do not work anymore .	 are you close with your family ? what do you do now ?	i am pretty close with my mom and stepfather . and , i am a full time dad now .	 that is a wonderful job . think there should be parents raising kids .	are you close with your family ?	 youngest of 8 kids so yes .	oh my ! that is a big family .	 i am the baby of the family . so mom and i and dad are close .	that is great . what kinds of food do you enjoy ?	 my time to time pleasure is mcdonalds .	gotcha . i pretty much only cook healthy dishes .
 hello , how are you doing ?	hi , i am good how about you ?	 i am okay too . what do you have planned for today ?	to watch the newest game of thrones episode , what about you ?	 lol i was watching that earlier . i prefer to watch the voice .	i also like the voice , so where you from ?	 cali born and raised . always down for beach , love to swim . how about you ?	i was born in alabama but moved to ohio for a new job	 that is cool . i am in the marines .	my mom also , but she is a checker at a grocery store	 nice . read any good books lately ?	i do not read , how about you ?
hello ! how nice to meet you .	nice to meet you too . . where are you from	 i am originally from germany , although i grew up in florida .	how is the whether related to irma ?	 it is a little scary because it is unpredictable . plus , flooding scares me ! where are you located	i am frm boston ma	 i visited there once , i bought my car there . do you work in boston too ?	yaa . . i live in marlboro	 oh neat ! i have a friend out there who brags about the amazing steak houses	yaa . . its really good here	 what do you enjoy doing for fun	driving . . and going into the nature	 i enjoy driving too ! it runs in my family	hm . . interesting . . i drove the whole country
good morning , how are you ?	i am doing quite well . how are you ?	 doing good . had a good gig last night . had people laughing so hard	that is awesome ! i am the leader of the french fry dep at del taco	 i am a stand up comedian if you did not guess even had some small roles on tv	wonderful ! i love to listen to u2 band .	 they played at the local theater i gig before , even though i am from a small town	i love my job at del taco , it keeps me busy .	 i am so glad . what would you recommend from the menu ?	i am quite passionate about designing french fries , i would recommend our famous taco .	 i did not know they sold french fries at del taco	oh yes it has been newly added to the menu .	 wow . they are really broadening their horizons	yes they are . my job is my life .
 hello , i am a special ed teacher , what do you do ?	hi , i am also a teacher ! love it . what ages for you ?	 k 6th . i also on the side do cosmetics	awesome . i teach 4th . my kid with autism has really benefited from his special ed teacher	 i think anything one one one helps all around	yeah agree . do you have kids ?	 i have two boys and they are a handful on my own .	i get that . sounds busy . i have two but i say four with my dogs included	 what are you doing this fine sunday ?	just taking care of the dogs and letting the kids relax . you ?	 just hanging out with my fur babies also .	nice , how many do you have ?	 i have two dogs , my older cat was 21 and just went to heaven .	aw i am sorry . what kind of dogs are they ?	 just a couple of mutts	mine seem to be poodle maltese mixes of some sort .
 hi ! how are you doing ?	i am doing good . how are you and whats your name ? i am mia	 i am jane , i think i have met you before mia !	probably . i remember the name jane . where do you live ?	 i am living in virginia in my parents basement actually . you ?	i am at home in my apartment living room . just walked home from work .	 i just got off work too , at a flower shop	i like flowers . i work at merrill lynch in beverly hills . i can walk to work .	 wow nice . on my way to work i feed stray cats	i am allergic to cats . but i like to play baseball and soccer . you play sports ?	 that is unfortunate , i love cats ! i do not get out much , i read used books mostly	that is too bad . i love the outdoors . this rented apartment is stuffy has a balcony though .	 yeah ? do you like vegetarian food too ?	that was a lead in to i hate green beans . had to work it in somehow .	 yum i love green beans !	i do cook a mean green bean and cheese omelette . do you walk to work ?
hello how are you today ?	i am doing well thank you . just finished teaching my yoga class . you ?	 i thought about trying yoga to help with flexibility .	its great for that . but my mother wants me to be a teacher like she was .	 oh did your mom teach yoga as well ?	she actually was a high school teacher . very strict while i was growing up	 oh really ? my mom was never strict but i typically am .	i understand her ways , but that is why i am single ! ll	 well its never too late . hey do you listen to classic music ?	always . even during yoga out in nature	 oh me too i love it . i even give violin lessons .	oh wow ! the sound is really soothing to listen to . i played the flute .	 oh really i like the flute a lot to . have you ever played the piccolo ?	yes ! it was included in my case along with the flute so i tried it a little .	 you know what i also like is the cello too	oh yes . you play that as well ?
 hi how arae you today ?	doing good . how old are you	 i do not know really . you ?	just barely started high school , a freshmen .	 what are your hobbies then ?	really like playing field hockey and soccer .	 nice . my mom dances ballet .	are you actually in high school	 i have six tattoos so no haha	oh wow , that is hardcore for sure	 yeah . . . except they are all cats .	i love cats . i want to be a vet
yesterday my parrot scared one of my dogs , it was so funny .	lol really ? we have parrots at the private school where i teach . . they are pretty scary	 does your music class teach jazz ? we had that when i was younger .	no , but i was in jazz band in hs .	 for some reason that reminded me of the bad accident i had in a parade .	oh my goodness , that sounds terrible ! what happened ?	 imagine a marching bad stampede . now my knee is almost all metal .	wow , that is impressive , it always feels like there is something wrong with me physically	 if you are sick i hope you have a wonderful family taking care of you too .	well i try to eat right . i am a plant based vegan because my church is sda	 we always have meals together and tried vegan once . the dogs hated it .	lol my dog is a vegan dog now because she got diabetes so it has helped her	 does she get shots too ? one of my three dogs has diabetes as well .	yes twice a day from 20 units down to 2 a day since going vegan	 those are good results . our family takes good care of our dogs .	awesome ! yeah sda members live a long time so we want our canine buddies to too	 if there is a good family atmosphere we might try sda .	yeah , please do . . good luck !
 hello there , how are you ?	doing great . getting ready grill my favorite meal , steak . you ?	 that is funny , that is my favorite food as well .	awesome . do you like to travel ? i love heading out on my own for adventures .	 its always fun . where are you going next ?	pikes peak . i am curently exploring famous mountains when i have time .	 that is pretty cool . what music do you like ?	classical , rock , classical rock . ll . music is great for the mind .	 yeah , i also enjoy rock as well .	that is my dads fault . ll . one of my best memories of him .	 what bands do you enjoy the most ?	eagle , pink floyd , heart . mom loved heart . man i miss them .	 agreed , todays bands just are not the same .	no they are not . any hobbies ? i was up most of the night coding .
 hi , how are you and how old are you ? i am 18	britney spears touches me with her music .	 i love bacon and eggs in the morning , in a farm is how i grew up	i love pistachio ice cream and i like to watch videos of surgery .	 she is good , not my style . i like rock but not her	traveling and making friends is fun . do you do that ?	 do you also enjoy rock concerts like me ?	i blast spears while i play with edged weapons . i like rock shows .	 i like to make friends , because my family is always traveling	your family sounds like mine .	 i need some stable friends , i feel lonely sometimes .	you sound lonely . it seems like its what you are designed to be .	 maybe we can be friends , we have common situations .	no , you do not like spears and she touches me .	 you will understand me and how i feel , not a city person .	i am a city person and i like playing with weapons that are edged .
 hello from kansas ! its farmer bill	hi there . i like to read books	 me too ! love that farmers almanac ! do you watch reality tv ?	i do sometimes . my favorite genre is horror	 horror movies or tv ? i like both i suppose	horror movies are my favorite	 they are pretty good . i have alot of time for movies while i am out of work	i work as a vet tech , it is a busy job	 lucky you . i would love to busy all day working . one day again i suppose	you will get there . do you like to read , my favorite writer is stephen king	 i have only read one of his books , pet sematary . scary ! i like to read on the beach	they are not for the faint of heart . beaches are nice for reading	 ya , not many in kansas ! just on pacay . i would love to move to hawaii one day	that would be nice to live in a place like that
 hows it going ? do you have any plans for the weekend ?	good ! you ? i may go on a hike .	 hiking is a blast . me and my family go hiking when we go camping .	that is cool . i like to hike somewhere nice and do yoga . do you have plans ?	 yeah . my wife and my son and daughter are going camping up junction creek .	that sounds fun . what do you normally do at the campsite ?	 cook dinner over the campfire , stargaze , and tell ghost stories . its great fun .	oooooh ! i love fairytales . when you are in the woods they almost seem real !	 that is because they are real ; what do you do for work ?	i work at a steakhouse . you ?	 which one ? i deliver baked goods that my wife helps bake . its a family business .	oh that is fun ! it is a local place . i want to be a vet though .	 sounds delicious ! my daughter wants to be a vet , its a great career choice .	well its been great chatting with you . have a good night !
 hey , how are you doing today ?	i am goo dhow are you	 not so bad , just listening to music . how about you ?	just getting back from dance class	 oh that is cool . what music genera of music do you dance to ?	i am a ballerina so mostly classical	 wow , my favorite is pop , but i can appreciate that	that is good to listen to	 yeah . what is your favorite color ?	i like blue what food do you eat	 wow we have the same favorite color . anything home cooked	i love hamburgers when i am not practicing for a show	 cool , what kind of show	my dance show i am practicing fo rone now	 oh , well that makes sense . do you watch any tv ?	i am really into comedies what about you
 hi there . how are you tonight ?	i am alright , how are you ?	 i am good . studying for class monday .	what are you studying ? i actually finished college this last year .	 i am going for business administration .	that sounds like a lot of work . i tend to a farm , personally .	 are you in a relationship ?	no , but i keep busy hanging out with my 3 siblings . are you ?	 i have been dating this girl , luis , for a few months .	that is interesting . where did you meet ?	 we met at school . we both drive mustangs .	awesome ! i am a little afraid of cars , as i lost my arm in an accident .	 oh , then i would be too .	at least i still have my humor though , haha . do you have any siblings ?	 i have an older sister .	are you the youngest ? i am .
 hi . do you have a dog ?	yes , i have three dogs . they are my babies .	 i love mine . though we fight over who loves pizza more .	i love pizza too ! but i hate sweet potatoes . whats your favorite workout ?	 swimming . i grew up near the ocean in hawaii . you ?	running . i always listen to the all american rejects while i run .	 i love running with my dogs .	my dogs hate to run . i keep them in the other room whenever i workout .	 i cannot do that . i even travel with them .	you are lucky , they always get in the way when i workout .	 ok . do you travel much ?	yes , i went to new york two weeks ago for a weight lifting competition . do you travel ?
what are you up to today ? i am spending time with my two daughters .	hi there , thinking about a porsche i want to buy	 nice . i get frustrated when i drive my car .	do you have any pets ?	 i have a dog named luca .	i keep pet rats i found at taco bell	 i like rats as pets but i would not keep wild ones .	i cannot reach my jar of cookies	 that is unfortunate . i have to do that for my little girls .	if only i was taller	 how tall are you exactly ?	not tall enough to get the cookies	 what kind of cookies are they ?	they are my moms special cookies	 i bake lots of cookies .	do you star gaze ? i do
hi ! how are you ? my name is janet i live at home , i like death metal	hi janet . i am robert . i live with my brother .	 my mom works as a janitor , and i love watching cartoons .	its nice you have a mom . my parents died .	 aww , i am sorry to hear that . i know that must be tough	it is , but as a result i am confident in my abilities .	 that is good to know ! it is good to be confident !	indeed . quiet but confident . that is me .	 anything else you like to do ?	one day i will operate a food truck . i think they are awesome .	 that would be an awesome thing to do !	i worry about parking when somewhere new . ll , what about the food truck ?	 no it is a great thing to have a dream and go after it !	i like your style janet .
hello , how are you ? i am in college and ride my bike .	i am fine , i graduated a few years ago .	 i supplement my income by writing short stories , what do you do ?	this is tough , i work full time .	 i only work part time , at a daycare . i love kids	i love kids , i have a lot of brothers .	 i only have two , they are both older . how many do you have ?	i have 4 brothers and 9 cats .	 that is a lot of cats ! what kind are they ?	they are all rescues , just regular cats .	 rescues are the very best ! i have a rescue rabbit .	i love bunnies . we are getting rain here today .	 it is slightly chilly , thankfully the sun is out .	i dread winter , i am a summer person .
 how are you doing today	i am doing great , especially now that it is the fall . you ?	 i have been having morning sickness	uh oh . are you pregnant or is it something else ?	 yeah . first one . i am excited .	well congratulations . hoping for a boy or girl ?	 i am not sure . my husband will come home on leave though .	hoping to meet a woman like rita hayworth someday , myself .	 who is she ? i have heard the name .	an actress from the 40s . starred in the lady from shanghai .	 that sounds very interesting . i will have to see that .	indeed . she is certainly a dreamy lady . do you like rainy days ?	 i like them when i am not sick	fair enough . i love just standing in the rain . makes me feel alive .
 how are you doing today	i am good thanks you and yourself ?	 i am finally not so busy	i wish i could say the same .	 why are you not busy	right now , busy being a famous video game character online .	 what character are you being	a mushroom . later this year i have an internship in engineering .	 what are you going to do with it	i have a dream to move to the middle of the desert and do nothing .	 why would you want to do that	why not ? i would also like to skydive before i die as well .	 that sounds a little scary	you gotta love life and be adventurous .
 what is going on today man ?	ciao ! thinking about heading to yoga class today , what about you ?	 getting ready to go out for a drive in my truck	sounds fun ! where do you like to drive with your truck ?	 all around town really . i am a ford fanboy to be completely honest	i have never had a truck , personally , i have no use for one in the city	 my truck is a ford f150 . you can go to the country and drive	oh i would much rather save the gas money for another trip to italy instead .	 i have never been . how is it there ?	oh it is wonderful ! there were so many new foods to try . no trucks though .	 maybe some ford cars ? it is the best brand out there	perhaps , i bet in country they do , just like they do in this country	 i guess that is true . it is a sad world with ford	if you gave the food a chance , the cars there might not matter as much .	 i do think that i should expand my perspective	italy is a great place to do that , but what is even better is yoga
 hi ! how are you tonight ?	tired ! i have been playing a game tonight and i am wore out .	 what kind of game were you playing ?	football , for the baltimore ravens . i have been an athlete all my life	 wow ! a professional athlete ! i hope to be famous , too . for music though .	i play linebacker for my position ! i am a big guy	 i would never make it on the football field . i would be trampled .	i tackled 128 people total last year , believe it or not	 i made 128 coffees last week , believe it or not ;	i probably drank 128 coffees last week , maybe some of yours	 did you go to the coffee shop where the grunge bands play ? that is it !	i think so ! they serve really good orange mocha coffee there	 my sis made that drink up ! she plays in the grunge band with me .	wow , is her name betty ? i think we dated .
 hi . what do you do for a living ? i am a nurse	i hotel pets when their owners are away names oreo by the way	 that sounds like fun , i love cats and dogs . any siblings ?	my mom passed when i was in second grade i have raised my sister ever since	 i am sorry to hear that . i have two brothers and two sisters older than me .	our dad is a professor at the local college	 what does he teach ? and sorry if i sound strange but what color is your hair ?	he taught us to read the tale of genji his favorite literature	 i will look that up . i just dyed my hair pink last weekend .	they do not get i dyed my hair purple for cancer	 that is sweet of you . do you live near grand rapids ?	no i been there but live near chicago	 i like chicago , been there once . so you have no allergies since you host pets ?	no luckily i do not or i would be in trouble	 that is true . i am allergic to strawberries and bees .	well bees i am too but pets i am not	 bees are horrible , you almost die and it is painful on top of it .	i hate the cost of the silly medical pen its crazy	 yeah , that is ridiculous . i do not like the whole medical system in this country	yes i agree with you we have the worse but people keep moving here	 i really want to move out , just do not know where to go	exactly especially where our money flourish may be a fail medically	 the process to get anything treated is just too long for no reason , and very costly	yeah my sis is on gov insurance cause she cant get back on disability	 my daughter recently had surgery , has a supposedly great insurance , copay is just crazy	sis cries herself to sleep having ms n not able to work	 that is really sad . is she on medicaid ?	yeah but was on disability for a while now they cut her out the blue	 trump can be thanked for that . real nice chatting with you but i have to go	i need to help her take her meds hope u have a wonderful night
 hi how are you tonight ?	pretty good ! just came back from the lake , and about to listen to an audiobook . yo ?	 just on the old internets . what book ?	grit by angela duckworth . its a fascinating book about perseverance .	 i will have to remember that . hobbies ?	i love the water . swimming , surfing , boating . if it gets me near the water i am in ! you ?	 i like driving my 3 ferraris	3 ! ? ! ? ? ! how did you manage that ?	 because i stole them from my 3 ex wives	well goodness ! must have been a nasty divorce .	 not for me . gimme them cars .	ll ! ! ! the most exciting thing that is happened to me was i moved out at 14 .	 where did you move to ?	los angeles . i was going to model , but it did not work out .	 i am sorry to hear that . my dad was an actor	cool ! was he ever in anything famous well known ?
 good morning , how are you today ?	i am doing well , how about yourself ?	 i am good , just getting ready to head to work	that sucks . or maybe not . do you like your job ?	 i enjoy it most of the time , i have an office and work nine to five	do you find that you get bored with that ?	 not bored , but sometimes stressed . that is why i take yoga	oh , i see . when i need to relax i have fake sword fights in the park .	 that sounds fun . maybe i can watch sometime and we can go have an italian dinner later	is italian your favorite cuisine ?	 oh yes , for sure . i live in the city so there are many italian restaurants available	ah , i prefer asian cuisine , especially thai food .	 i enjoy that as well	i also love mountain dew . i drink a ton of it . every day .	 that is my favorite soda !	i would say i drink at least four every day .
hi ! bet this is the first circus juggler you have ever chatted with ! !	i cannot say i have encountered one before . i just wait tables at a diner .	 what diner ? ? maybe i will stop by and juggle for the clients ! ll	denys ! i am sure the customers would love it . i never make it to work on time .	 oh , i work in a circus and can never be late . the ringmaster would freak ! !	i get caught up in the morning singing in the shower and time slips away .	 ll , well maybe you should go on a keto diet to help your attention span .	i will see what my best friend thinks . we are roommates and she cooks .	 lucky you ! i have to cook all my meals . except when i go to the movies .	what type of movies do you like ?	 i love going . does not matter what i see . btw , i am a 3rd generation juggler .	wow that is amazing ! do your kids juggle too ?	 i do not have kids yet sadly for my father and grandfathers circus dream .	www , maybe one day ! and adoption is always an option .	 i just have to find the right guy . one who does mind me throwing balls ! !	good luck with that ! i am sure you can find someone that is perfect for you .
 hey there . do you exercise ?	bonjour my little friend . no not really , i do yoga before i draw	 i stretch with yoga and cardio with hiking . i cannot draw .	i am on exchange from france , learned yoga in california school	 nice ! you know in the beauty of the world fairytales live .	yes , vineyards and castles . good food but i m a vegan . you ?	 i love animals so i do not eat them either .	you ever try a vegan taco ? i eat them all the time in berkeley	 not a taco . but a thai peanut chicken bowl is my fave .	sounds good ! are you student ? i am in what you say , is literature	 fake chicken of course . no i am a paralegal .	you do all the work for rich attorney then , yes ?	 pretty much , i like it though .	that s good . people in us work very hard but don t get what we have in france	 tell me about france please .	for one , big thing , people do not die or go broke because of being sick . us different
i realized today that i happen to be homosexual .	oh my ! just happened like that ?	 i was brewing my beer in the basement and saw the mailman out the window .	cool , i love home brewed beer . can i have some ?	 sure , you near portland ? lol	nope ! its okay i like animals better than people anyways	 i also like making my own coffee as well .	when i visit the animal shelter , the lady there makes great coffee	 i think you should marry her	haha , i think i will just stick to my cat videos on youtube !	 well . uh , , will you marry me ?	depends on how good that beer is ! !	 its award winning , the best	what else do you like to do ?	 going on tinder dates a lot	hmm , interesting . i like the outdoors and always looking for wildlife
 hi ! how are you doing ?	i am doing great . . google just hired me . how are you ?	 wow awesome ! i am currently on my boat traveling the world	oh my gosh ! ! i love to travel too but i have never done that . where are you ?	 i am on my way to europe . when will you start your google job ?	europe . . what do you plan to see first ? i am starting at the end of this month .	 i do not have a plan . i will just go with the flow haha get it ?	haha nice one . are you going to rent a car ?	 i probably will . i am excited but missing my 23 cats back home	heres something crazy . . . i have 23 cats too	 no way ? ! cool ! they love to eat fish but i hate the smell of it	i love fish but the little opportunists steal it right off my plate .
 hey how are you today ?	wonderful ! i think today is the day i quit my job , and follow justin bieber for life	 lol no i would not i would be picking you up off the floor	oh you are a bouncer for him ? !	 no paramedics after security gets you lol how old are you ?	i carry a picture from senior prom , and i complain about my sister , so 19 ?	 gotcha now i understand why you want to know .	i am an impatient person i despise long lines . hopefully justin will let me in front	 me also i like the beatles girls went crazy over them too	the beatles , how old are you ?	 lol 29 , what do you want to be ?	i am so going to be a roadie ! i need to be at every concert	 really ? well good luck , i am trying to be a nurse now .	a nurse , that is real work ! gross .
hello . how are you doing tonight	i am okay . living this hum drum life of mine is disappointing	 i feel your pain . i hate my job but i get to travel to india often .	that is awesome . i really want to travel to space . i wonder what its like	 oh wow cool ! i rather be an explorer . dreams man dreams .	hey me too . exploring life as an animal would be pretty cool	 i know ! but being an athlete pays more . so got to take the bad with the good .	your an athlete eh ? what do you play	 basketball . that is why i get to travel internationally for my job sometimes .	i bet that is fun . i love classical music so i got to the opera house alot	 oh nice ! i never been to a opera house before .	you gotta go at least once . i believe there is one in india . check it out	 i will definitely next trip . you play sports or have any other hobbies ?	i play botchier ball in my spare time . ever play ?
 how are you doing tonight ?	ok but i m staying up because my next door neighbors are fighting again	 oh no that s not good , are they abusive ?	i m not sure . both are scary actually . i think they are drug dealers	 have you called the police ?	i can t . where i live snitches can get killed .	 snitches get stitches ! i m sorry you have to deal with that .	me too . it doesn t help my moms health either . she gets really stressed .	 yeah i can imagine , ever thought about moving ?	i would but i take care of mom so it s hard to make lots of money .	 you are a strong person caring for her .	thank you ! she s my mom so i m happy to do it . people make fun of me though	 it can be tough for both sides .	i think people think i m lazy because i still live at home with mom . what about you ?	 i work full time and have 2 kids .	that sounds like a lot to handle ! i respect you !	 you too ! i wish you the best .	i hope you have a great night and nice life . i send you angels
 hi , what is going on with you today ?	i am ok . odd question , but do you ever wish you could live forever ?	 i do not know . maybe if i could fish every day . would you ?	i would . i often think about that when free diving . do you dive ?	 no but that sounds amazing . i mostly listen to music , lame .	i like music . i also like animals . i have a dog and cat . do you ?	 i have 5 cats . love animals . are you married ?	i am not . but i date . only people taller than me though .	 haha . my mother calls me every day to see if i found anyone yet .	on the phone ? my mom uses facetime . we both love new technology	 she would not know how to do that . where do you work ?	i work at an office . but i like to be at the pool in my free time	 as a paramedic , i am not fond of pools . seen too many accidents .	i can imagine . hopefully new technology can prevent those going forward	 i agree . i can forget about it sometimes listening to music . rap .	you like rap ? i do not listen to much
 hi i live in portland or	i love to cook just like my dad did	 ii love to cook too	i live on the coast of florida	 i live in portland oregon	fishing is my hobby and my job	 my hobby is panting and like to paint my nails green	my dad worked as a cook , bartender . too hard for me so i fish .	 i also like to learn about italian literature and have a degree in it	wow your really educated . i just catch shrimp for a living	 sounds like a verry fun and exciting job	it really is exciting , better than indoors	 do you have any pets i have a prt skunk	my pets are two dogs .
 omg ! i am so hungry , but i have to kick my fav habit of snacking between meals	i love snacking too , but i also love taking photos . how about you ?	 i love traveling to the country with my family and collie , and listening to country music	i always use candles as i hate the look of artificial light .	 oh , we do that when we travel to the amish country . . . since they do not have electricity	i would like to travel to amish country but i have waking up too early .	 you can still travel there and not wake up early	they have to get up too early to work the fields . especially to beat the afternoon heat !	 when i am on vacation with my family , we do not have to wake up early	sounds nice ! last vacation it rained , but that s ok because i like sound of rain .	 yes it is relaxing i like it too	while also on vacation , i like to spend a lot of money on my boat hobby !	 i do not know how to swim	you d have a lot of fun on the boat and wouldn t have to worry about swimming .	 what if i fall off ? are you gonna save me ? ? maybe my collie would save me	sure ! i am always up for an adventure . plus , i can swim ! even in the rain !
 hi . tell me about you .	hi there , i am a mom who stays at home .	 i am not tall at all	i really love to cook . however i dislike baking .	 that is nice . i do not like tomatoes . i need a wheelchair	that must be difficult considering i love to have a good run .	 it is . but i am a woman so it is not too bad	tell me more about yourself	 ok . i love life . i love sugar .	that is awesome ! i always like to keep everything organized .	 great ! love is good . always	definitely . that is for sure !	 i love this . lol . so funny	it is so weird haha	 so , you have alot of cats	i have two cats actually
good day ! hows it going ?	good evening how was your day ?	 long ! i need a vacation so bad !	i have absolutely no energy ! i stay home with the kids . but i am a serious cleaner	 i feel you . you should join me then for the journey .	you are vacation ? i would love to ! as long as there is fast food . i cannot get enough lol	 haha burgers are everywhere nowadays , i think that is americas standard	yea i guess there is no avoiding it lol where you going ?	 i am thinking cruise , hopefully they clean the rooms well , perfection is key	yea its gotta be perfect . its your vacation ! i have never been on a cruise	 me either , but i worked loonngg hours for it ! so its deserved !	of course . well i hope it goes well	 me too ! well then again . . . we will find out together .	oh you are serious ? ? that would be awesome ! !	 what would you like to do ? carnival cruises have it all . . .	i would probably chill in the pool area the whole time lol
 hi , how are you today ?	great i can dance great	 i am just here trying to teach my dog how to read	can he say his abc ?	 dance , what kind of dance ? i like to dance	mostly square dancing its great	 no he can read a entire sentence , i also have iguanas .	i got engaged one time to be married in france	 i like square dancing , i wish i had money to go dancing .	i like dancing its really relaxing	 that must have been so beautiful , are you married now ?	no he decided he wanted something different	 i do zumba for exercise now so i guess that is dancing	it sure is , sounds fun	 oh wow , well it was for the best	do you zumba a lot
 good evening . how are you ?	great . do you have any jokes for me ?	 i do not . i take a lot of pictures . i would like to be a famous photographer .	what do you take pictures of ?	 landscape . some times i take pictures underwater .	that is amazing . i love nature .	 i just want to go all over the world and take pictures .	i miss when life was simple and we were all about nature	 i hear you . since my husband passed i just want to explore .	i am sorry to hear about your husband	 thank you . it was years ago .	so you must feel much better now	 i am getting there . what is your favorite color ?	i love the color yellow . you ?	 green is my favorite . sometimes blue .	those are great colors . do you watch tv ?
 care to chat with a justin bieber fan ?	sure , he is a hip hop fan .	 because i have an allergy to lactose , i like to choose my dinner fried fish	i see . i do not eat any kind of meat , not even fish .	 oh you are a vegan ?	not a vegan , a vegetarian .	 me too , before my doctor told me i have inoperable cancer and only 6 months to live .	that is really sad . do you have any children ?	 no i do not have any children .	i have two boys and three little girls . any pets ?	 my doctor told me i pretty much have a flat effect with no expressions .	i am not sure what that means , but i wish you the best .	 thank you . i have 4 cats and 3 dogs .	that is adorable . i work with pets . i love them .
 hi how are you doing ?	great . just relaxing with an interesting novel	 what do you do for a living ?	i am a student but loves poetry and fantasy novels	 what city are you from ?	i am from atlanta georgia and you ?	 i am from call . habe you ever been ?	no . what do you do ? i plan to work as a journalist in the future	 i work as a desk clerk	oh great . my dad is a clerk but my mom a librarian	 do you have any hobbles ?	yes i do . reading and travelling
hello ! how is your face today ?	its stuffed with pizza haha , my favorite food . and you ?	 just listening to music , charlie daniels is my ish	oh nice nice . i like smoking pot and jamming haha . are you in school ?	 nope , i do not mind the devils lettuce as well , but wife limits my smoking	haha wives . ami right ? na my moms a cancer survivor so i take her pot	 cool , i love drinking pot , usually when i fish	drinking pot ? i have been single for a while and do not want anything at the moment	 gotcha , yeah just love drinking pot , sometimes i inject it , just whatever	inject pot ? i do not think were on the same page here lol	 yeah , right ? sometimes i heat it up with a spoon , just depends on the weather	i think youre talking about meth dude . are you on meth ? ?	 well mister dragon , i am pretty sure i am on the weed	please , call me mister doo doo butt	 mister poopy b hole ? is that you ?	haha yea man . ya got me
 hello how are you today ?	hey there ! i am doing well , how about yourself ?	 i am doing well just driving to my house that i just bought	congratulations on your recent home ownership ! tell me about the neighborhood !	 its very nice a lot of friendly people	that is great ! in my corner of nashville there are many nice , friendly people as well .	 i just moved to colorado if i ever move again i will check that place out	in my neighborhood there is a lovely farmers market that i attend every weekend .	 wow that sound awesome i love fresh fruit so does my wife	local farms that contribute to caring for the environment are what i prefer .	 i agree we need more farms for food otherwise we will run out	my work at the university is research about farming and the environmental impact	 i have a mba degree in farming as well	what do you think about the impact of farming on the environment ?
 hi , i just got in from tending my beautiful rose garden . how are you ?	i am good , hanging out with my beagle droopy . what are you growing ?	 just roses so i have time to swim . used to be good in college .	i meant to ask what colors are you growing ? swimming is fun .	 no worries , pink . my dad gave my mom a pink one when they met at woodstock .	that is so sweet ! i am eating shrimp , do you like shrimp ?	 yes i do , almost as much as coffee . starbucks is my favorite .	whats your favorite starbucks drink ? i like the mocha espresso .	 i like that one too ! danit , my cat pickles is laying on my roses .	my dog droopy would bark to make pickles get off the roses .	 lol . some one needs to .	do you ever watch youtube ?
 it is your serve . try to hit the ball over the net this time .	are we pretending to play tennis	 you might be , i play to win . do you have somewhere better to be ?	i guess not . i like to walk , but not at night	 sunset is in an hour . for now , game on ! i can serenade you later .	do you like to sing ? i am not artistic .	 you must have a hidden talent . american idol is coming to town and i will be there .	i do not watch much tv , but i will watch you	 got any pets ? i bet they play tennis better than you .	i have a dog . my love for animals knows no bounds	 we have that in common . do you like green too ?	it is the color of the forest , so yes	 we can take a break , that ball is not going to serve itself . lunch ?	did you bring a picnic ? i like tuna sandwiches	 no tuna this time , sorry sport . my dad cooked good chili last night .	that would be a terrible picnic food .
 hi there , how are you ?	i am well how are you	 i am not doing so good . my girlfriend just told me she is doing to leave me again	i used to wrestle want me to toss her around a bit	 no , its okay . its my fault . i do not like wearing pants unless i have to	i am 25 and the same way so i understand	 she also thinks i am terrible at guitar , but i actually really really good at it	i have a kid so it is hard to find time to date here	 i am sorry , you know what cheers me up ? john grisham movies , but not his books .	really i did not know that thanks	 my parents raised me loving them !	that is pretty cool then i guess	 yep . they are good people . well , they discovered whilst working in politics	wow that is so cool i am only 25 or i might get in that
hello how are you today ?	i am doing good just taking a break from working on trucks	 awesome i work on a fishing boat	you need a good truck to get that boat on the water !	 you would need a semi for mine it is a big deal to dry dock	oh , i love working on semi trucks . you have any pets ?	 yeah two dogs . what part of the country are you from ?	neat , my dog is a doberman ! ! i am from the north , you ?	 i have two huskies i live near cape hatteras	wow , they have good pizza there ?	 yeah . we have amazing seafood too	seafood pizza ! ! sounds great . how old are you ?	 i am 40 how about you ?	i am 27 . what else do you enjoy ?
 taking a break from homework want to talk ?	sounds good . i am trying to decide where to eat .	 mom made spaghetti tonight . it was good . go italian .	i never eat at home .	 we rarely go out . i am one of 5 kids so dad says its too expensive	its just a thing with me .	 i wish i could . teachers do not make a lot though .	i cut back in other areas like shoes .	 i am the oldest so when i get my license and a job . . .	you do what you got to do in life i suppose .	 yep . ready to stop always having to watch the other four .	that must kind of suck .
hi there ! i am just hanging out with my kids karen , kim , and kevin .	hi my name is josh . i am seven .	 hi josh , my closest friend is josh too he lives two houses from me .	i play soccer with my best friend cayden . do you play soccer ?	 no , but i love to go walking .	oh . i am really smart you know .	 if you are smart , please come fix my car , my honda civic broke down .	i am sorry i do not know how to fix a car .	 good thing i like walking then , huh ? where do you live ?	my mom says i cannot tell a stranger where i live .	 your mom is smart too then . too many weirdos online .	i am sad because the gifted program rejected me .	 i am sorry to hear that . did they say why ?	i have to score a little higher on my test . i will try again .
 hello ! how are you doing ?	i am just sitting here trying to get sleepy . what are you doing ?	 i am up trying to make money . i own a small business	what kind of business ? i do not work yet because i live with my parents .	 i own a consulting firm on sports information	wow that sounds like a good job . my mom works for the grocery store . dad is dead .	 sorry to hear that about your dad . yeah my clients are like gamblers . . .	yes i can imagine . are you southern ? my home state is alabama but i live in tn .	 yeah i help my clients win lots of money like on the kentucky derby	oh how cool ! the horses are gorgeous . i love animals . i have seen the easter bunny !	 wow ! can i make money off of the easter bunny ?	easter bunny only comes once a year . but you could take bets on game of thrones !	 thanks that is a great idea ! hope you get sleepy soon	i am watching game of thrones now . i love that show .	 same . next time you see the easter bunny , ask how to make money off the golden eggs	as long as he does not sing sweet home alabama . i cannot stand that song .
 d . c is crazy polarized these days .	i bet !	 you would win .	what do you do on your spare time ?	 nationals baby ! love the game .	i am a professional horse racing handicapper !	 i work for gov cannot say which agency	i am raising money to open my horse racing teaching program	 cool ! you on kick starter or something ?	something like that	 careful , i understand there are some real legal pitfall with those crowd sourcing sights	yeah definitely !
 hey how is it going ?	great ! you ? my , son is ten ,	 i do not have any kids , but i love to relax and read	great ! i left hs in 1986 . you ?	 i left 2006 , but i landed a job at a magazine company	great ! i want to teach music . you an author or just read books ?	 i read and i am an editor for my magazine company	hmmm . i teach financial business classes . you ?	 no , i do not teach , but i like to workout on my spare time	get out ! me too !	 that is nice ! , i also like to play games	oh i thought i had lost you . soon i will retire .	 no i am here , my favorite game is halo	great ! i play music and video games . you sing ?	 no i do not sing i wish i could	oh okay . 1986 was a good year for me .
 hi how are you . all good ?	yeah i am good and you ?	 yea i am having fun with drums	noah its too late over here for that	 oh no . yes it sure is .	oh well . i love to bird watch	 me too . but not as much as biking	whats your favorite drink in the world ?	 blood sugar . i have to measure it everyday	mine is pepsi and my blood is basically pepsi	 sounds very sweet . i love soft drinks too	truth whats your favorite food ?	 i do not eat much . maybe milk	my favorite is totally hotdogs . love processed meats
 hi how did your day go today ?	well , okay . i do not have many friends yet since moving to the us .	 i see i am jovannie and i am 19 years old . we can be friends	sure . i am from france and in 3rd grade . i have not met many other girls here .	 where do you stay ? i live close to miley cyrus and pnb rock	wow ! i live with my little brother and parents . but i am going to summer camp .	 we can go eat barbeque and pizzas together . i love it so much	yummy ! then we can play soccer , i like that and drawing and reading asteria .	 that will be great . i love hanging out with new friends .	i moved here ago , so maybe i will make more friends in soccer this fall .	 oh great . whats your favorite tv show ?	teen wolf , which is over now and dr . who ? how about you ?	 tom and jerry and i am watching it right now	ll . now that is my favorite type of 19 year old . we will be friends .	 great . lets catch up probably next week	ca not wait to talk again . thank you for being my friend , jovannie .
 hello , my name is james , whats yours ?	hey how are you doing james ? i am don	 i live in the east , are you out of the storm path	yes i am . barely . i hear its all man made . do u believe that	 absolutely do . what are your hobbies . i like camping	i am be of my hobbies are reading . which i love to do	 i like reading too . i drive a truck for living , what do you do	oh wow . that sounds fun . i even wrote a bio of my fav actor	 wow , hope you made some money . that is impressive .	no . i just did it for myself . so do you have any pets with you ?	 no , i live near a road . so sadly cannot have any .	no as a truck driver ? i only have 1 dog and i adopted from kill shelter	 good for you , and for your pet . no , not allowed to drive with a pet .	dang that sucks . i bet it gets lonely huh ?
 good evening . how are you ?	i am doing fine , how are you today ?	 doing well , i finished reading a book for my weekly book club .	that sounds nice , but i prefer guitar and video games more	 that is cool too . i play of games on my cell phone .	i mainly use my phone to text my boyfriend , we have a very loving relationship	 i am not in a relationship . i mostly hang with my mom and my cat . lol	my boyfriend keeps me sane with my bad bad dog , he has behavior issues	 i think cats are more lovable , but my cat can be a handful at times .	our cat begs constantly , she has such a bad habit for human food	 mine too , and since my mom is always here , she sneaks her human food a lot .	our little nugget has a thing for pasta , she sits on back legs and meows for it	 that sounds cute . i have tons of pics of smokey , doing cute things on my cell phone .	same , most of my phone is pictures of my cat , better than my dog	 i do not know how i survived without a cell phone in the past . lol	same , i use it for everything in my life , even work
 hey , how are ya ? what is your job title ? i design some cool video games .	wow that sounds interesting i am a fulltime student	 that is great ! i have been on a design team for more than 65 popular games .	wich games have you done would i know them	 devil may cry , trying to do my startup , my wife just lost her job .	that has to hurt how is the start up going	 it is going well , when i can do it , my son plays football .	i like foot ball who is your sons team ,	 the eagles , they are undefeated !	sounds like a very good team you must be proud	 i am very proud , do you have kids ?	no unfortunately i am not able to for i have no husband
 good morning . how is everything ?	hello there . it is good . i just had work at a grocery	 sales is difficult in my opinion . i . t . is what i do .	i love gardening . and growing plants in the garden	 bless your heart ! flowers are beautiful	thank you . just like living in a big city	 i live off of the bible .	oooh . that is good . have you eaten it	 why would i eat the old testament ? that is kinky	maybe . it tastes good . or well . bread	 wut ? lol changing the topic . kings of leon is an awesome band	oh yea ? i visit them sometimes
 hi ! i am sara , i am a city councilwoman . what is your name ?	i am leslie and i am also a city councilwoman .	 what a coincidence ! what else do you do ?	i like to hike on glaciers . i also like waffles .	 very specific . i like wide open spaces too . not waffles so much , though	what is your favorite band ?	 no favorite band , i am too busy with my five acre farm and ten alpacas	that is a lot of alpacas .	 yes , yes it is . i make interesting life choices . have any pets ?	no i do not . i keep losing them .	 oh really ? where do they go ?	perhaps the upside down . i do not know .	 so you like stranger things ?	yes . do you think i should stay or go ? i am currently in sweden .	 you should stay . i hear sweden is lovely .	you are right . except i keep hearing bad noises from the basement .
 i am in tenth grade . how old are you ?	how do you like it ?	 i like science a lot so those classes are good .	that is awesome . i make fart noise with my armpits even songs	 weird , haha . do people laugh ?	all the time . its funny . my fear of heights i am trying to get over .	 i might not laugh but i am not sure .	i was a huge superman fan as a kid	 i like that too sort of . i am only fifteen so still watch it .	oh wow that is pretty young	 yes . i was born in 2002 .	wow , i was in high school when you were born	 did you like it there ?	high school ? it was not bad it was just a lot of work in all honesty	 i hear that . i get so much homework .	yeah that is part of school ! !
 hi hiw are you today	i am great thanks howa re you ?	 pretty good where do you work ?	i work at a bookstore . where do you work ?	 i do not i am retired you youngun	my hair is short is your hair long ?	 its not i am old and bald	well my hair is kept in a very short cut . do u like movies ?	 i do i get lots of time to watch	i enjoy scary movies how about you ?	 those are not good for my old heart	what do you like to do for fun	 i run a lot to stay healthy	do you enjoy running more than you enjoy the benefits ?	 no i just want that good health	so what do you like to do for fun ?
 i enjoy being being alone but sometime i get lonely	hi i love to view game shows	 i married my highschool sweet heart but it only lasted for 10 years	i took a trip to london with my wif	 my mother past away twenty years ago	i am sorry to hear that	 that is ok it was very hard to take	i have been easily agitated before at least	 why was you agitated before ?	i cant stand green beans and i ate them also night	 were they can , garden frozen beans ?	i had some really frozen beans
 hi i am an avid skier and skater who has 2 dogs and 4 cats .	hello i am jessica and i am 15	 hi jessica do you like shoes ? i have 30 pairs i love the leather smell .	i work at a restaurant as a waitress	 do you like your job ? are you saving for a car ?	i love disney movies all time favorite an insatiable reader	 disney movies are fun . i like fast cars as fast as my motorcycles .	i have a car i am very independent for my age	 yes , i see that . i bet you can wait to turn 16 then .	i will in dec 4 so its not far away	 it will be here before you know it . then you will have more freedom .	i have a lot of freedom now my parents are cool	 awesome , they must trust you a lot . try not to break that trust .	i get good grades and i work part time at the diner so yea	 very good try to keep up the hard work . it will pay off .	its a good thing to keep a person trust
hello , how are you today ?	hi , i am doing great today . what about yourself ?	 hello , how are you today ?	hi , i am doing great today . what about yourself ?	 i am doing pretty good . i just work too much .	i work a lot of hours as well .	 sucks , but i am going to see my favorit band imagine dragons .	that is my favorite band as well , i love their song demon .	 cool . i am in texas , where are you ?	i am in texas too . i live here with my daughter .	 i am a dad too , what is your daughters name ?	my daughters name is adia lehay .	 that is a nice name , very unique how do you pronounce it ?	its pronounced exactly like it is spelled . what is your daughters name .
hey . what are you doing ?	hey there , i just finished winning a singing competition . how are you ?	 cool . a singing competition ? interesting	i dabble in a few things , i love to write too and have been in movies .	 what kind of movies if you do not mind me asking ? indie flicks ?	no major roles just an extra for some stephen king movies .	 have you seen it yet ? the new one ?	i have not yet but i hear it is good . have you ?	 i have only ever seen the old one not the new one yet . do you stay active ?	i love doing the make up paint for movies . i hike a lot too .	 i hike as well ! i am trying to convince my family to help me open up a studio	a studio would be awesome . what kind are you hoping to open ?	 i am hoping teach yoga . i practice all the time .	very cool . i do yoga to help me stretch out .	 i need to stretch right now actually getting cramps !	cramps are the worst . i have to eat a banana everyday to help .
 this storm messed everything up . my workplace is underwater rn .	oh boy that is horrible where are you ?	 houston . well i was lol i am with my bf in australia rn	oh nice australia is good are you in school there or do you have a career ?	 no i am not just staying with my bf . are you ?	i am studying to become a teacher	 that is awsome what subject are you teaching ?	elementary i have a short temper but i will learn to deal with it	 yeah you are going to need to work on that !	lol yes , what music do you like ?	 i am more of a rap person . you ?	indie music the early 2000s
 hi how are you today	hi , how many kids to you have ? i am a father of daughters of 4 .	 i am only 10 i am a kid ! !	i am fine and you , do you like guitar playing ? i do .	 no do you have a vestie	oh , all kids love dogs , do you know i have two dogs ? you know what kind ?	 no i am gonna be a hall monitor soon	what is vestie ? siberian is the type of huskies i have	 my set friend ever . its abigail	i do not quite understand you , do you like chocolate cake ?	 yeah all kid love chocolate	nice name your friend , what do you think of state troopers from michigan ? cool ?	 state troopers like the white helmet star wars people ?	being a trooper is my job . at breaks i eat my cake , guess what flavor ?
 hello there , how are you today ?	i am good ! watching the flintstones , back when life was simple and jokes were not offensive . hbu ?	 i am watching the grand tour on amazon , they make fun of everything lol	i do not like their jokes , some of them go too far .	 i think they are usually wicked funny	life was better in the simpler times . flintstones will always be the best tv show .	 i used to watch flintstones when i was a kid	what are you into now ?	 more modern shows i guess , stuff from the last 10 years	that is nice . what do you do for a living ?	 i work in accounting , yourself ?	ah accounting , a job that is been around forever . i work at a dry cleaning store .	 i wish i did something a bit more glamorous	like what ? the simpler the better .
 hi ! i am brian . how are you ?	well i am delightful today brian ! i am planning a hike	 nice . i wish i could hike at hogwarts ! how cool would that be ?	sounds dangerous with all those death eaters ! i did marketing for harry potter books for a bit	 seriously ? that is awesome . i often draw hp in class instead of taking notes	i love fan art ! what harry potter house would you belong to ? hufflepuff here !	 totally griffindore ! tho i bet i would have to cut my long hair .	haha i bet you would be okay . only prob with hufflepuff no pink !	 i bet there is a spell to turn things pink . ooh , how about a pink lizard ?	hmm , sounds pretty cool . but not as cool as my pink hiking boots !	 with heels ? spike heeled pink boots would be so cool !	would not be practical for the trails . some bob dylan and hiking boots , all you need	 yeah , i bet your friends would laugh . my would too . all three of them	laugh at what ? treasure your friends ! before they be blowing in the wind	 like a tornado ? that would suck	no , like bob dylans song . do you dig folk ?
 what are you plans today ?	just hanging out doing some painting . you ?	 just getting ready to go out and work on my garden for a bit	cool what do you have in your garden ?	 bell peppers , potatoes , corn , basil , rosemary . a lot of great stuff	that sounds perfect for a salad	 absolutely . my 3 kids love all the veggies	i do not have any child . i am just a lonely scientist	 hey there are worse things . i teach	lol that is true . what do you teach ?	 english for middle school . i got my certification from college	ah middle school , the kids are not the same	 no , they are not . but it is very rewarding	i bet it feels good helping the youth learn	 it does . i love helping my kids too	one day i will teach karate , i have a black belt
 good afternoon , have you read the latest heather graham novel ?	no i have not , i have never been much of a reader .	 romances are my favorite , easy to store in the cab of my dump truck .	my wife loves to read . i will have to suggest it .	 i keep them in my prius too . habit from my army days as a tank driver .	that is interesting . where are you from ?	 born and raised in ohio . how about you ?	i own a small farm in grand rapids michigan .	 i have been there . very pretty in the fall .	yes it is , me , my wife , and kids love it here .	 i do not have either , yet . i hope to have at least five kids .	i have two boys , they love helping out with the cattle on our farm .	 that is so cute . do you take a lot of photographs ?	yes , i love taking pictures of my three dogs , my cat , and kids .
 hi how are you today	doing good ! just finished my day of work . how are you doing ?	 good where do you work ?	i work as an editor for a local magazine .	 nice i am asking up money for ap procedure	what kind of procedure will you be needing ?	 anything to fix my ugly elf	why do you say that ? i am sure you are very attractive person !	 i just want to be happy with my appearance one day	it starts with self acceptance and confidence and being proud of who you are .	 my gf just does not get it	why does not she get it ?	 ink you should talk to her about it	i suppose i should . got any hobbies ?
 hi there , how is your night ?	hi , i had a hard day , now i am relaxing with some wine .	 relaxing sounds like what i should be doing . is it too late for a nap ?	i am looking for a job and that is a hard job in it self lol	 i am trying to pursue a career singing barbershop and rap myself	i think no one wants to hire me because i am short .	 i am short too . that is why i just stick to watching basketball now . still love it	rap like music ? like hip hop ?	 yeah ! ! in between my naps anyway . love a good nap	when i try to rap my dog howls .	 my dog howls in the winter but its still my favorite season	do you have any siblings ? i have two	 i do and we all have blue eyes	lucky we have brown eyes the whole family	 what else do you enjoy ?	what is your favorite color ?
 hi there . how old are you ?	just turned 52 . life is good . . . mostly	 oh shucks whats going on ? iam 71	i am pretty much in a dead end job . . . hate it	 i remember those days , i spend me days now gardening	nice ! i like being outdoors , sometimes just watching clouds roll by	 well you should come to my house in the countryside i can show you my garden !	that would be cool . would be a nice break from the job	 yes , i can make you a meal with my fresh vegetables !	i love to cook . . . i lately discovered costco to shop at . . . love it	 i bet they do not have fresh carrots though , right ?	they do . . but not as fresh as yours i figure lol	 my small garden packs a mean punch !	i bet you get a lot of good stuff .
 hello how are you doing today ?	i am doing fine about to get ready to go to the gym	 nice , i am just at amazon , fulfilling orders . i work here .	do not forget to exercise every now and again good for	 thanks for the tip , i forget sometimes . i exercise with my 2 kids though .	that is always a plus me and my kids work out all the time	 you seem to love working out , that is great . i need to make more time	yeah it was hard for me at first but i wanted to look better and feel better	 that makes sense . i am very interested in robotics too .	but hey you work at amazon that must be exciting	 yes , i just like this big company and i like to shop here too .	i shop there every chance i get	 what do you like shopping for ?	everything from bedding , outdoors , and sporting goods	 do you like doing things outdoors like camping ?	i love camping and my backyard but not past it
 hi there ! my name is shelly !	hi , i am david . how are you ?	 i just got back from work , i work retail and i am exhausted !	interesting . i work in proofreading , quality control .	 oh nice , tell me more about yourself david .	i love reading , hence the job . also a big sports fan .	 i live by the coast so the best sport is walking on the beach !	i would love the beach right now .	 you should come david , and i can make you a great vegan dish	sounds awesome . my parents can celebrate their 40th anniversary .	 meet your parents ? ! my hair is still red from the accident !	what happened to your hair ? ? ? ! ! !	 i thought it was a black hair dye !	wow unbelievable . its probably still nice being a red head	 well , it is . makes me feel very spontaneous	awesome ! i am glad you like it
hey how are you today ?	hello , are you married or have kids ?	 no i do not i have been away in the army .	i am fine , i am divorced but have 2 daughters ans 2 sons	 big family . how old are your kids ?	i use to be in the army , loved to play basketball	 i prefer reading to sports .	i would sing on the weekends at a bar just off post	 that sounds cool . where are you from ?	my kids ages are 19 , 18 , 13 , 10	 what do they like to do ?	florida the northern part , how bout you	 kentucky . i just moved back and have my own garden .	they like to drive me nuts and ask for money
 hi and how has your day been today ?	not too bad and how is your day going ?	 great . making a new aquarium today . that is what i do for a living	wow that is interesting . . . . what type of fish ?	 for any type of fish but not whale of course	getting ready for the opera . . . trying to find a dress is difficult . . . being 6 feet tall	 6 feet ? amazing . my wife helps out even though she is legally certified deaf	that is okay . . . the fish do not make much noise	 yes . i am such a lucky man to have my parents still living at 100 age	yes you are . . . . do they live with you ?	 yes with my six amazing brothers . we are a one great happy family	wow . sounds like your wife is the lucky one . . . . seven men in one house . . . . . lol .
 hello , how are you doing ?	i am good how about yourself ?	 pretty good . studying for my philosophy test	what are you going to school for ?	 i study philosophy , but not sure i want to stay with it	what do you think you ; ll do job wise ?	 i love people and and the way we work . . so who knows	are you married ? any kids ?	 not married , but 2 kids . . how about you ?	i am a single wedding planner	 nice ! my niece does that too	i wanted to be an architect but that did not happen	 i really like concerts , so i would love a job doing that	maybe you can do that someday
hi how are you doing today ?	i am great , i just had my usual breakfast of eggs and bacon	 that is nice . i was just playing with my dog won won .	cool name . do you like to go to rock music concerts ? i do .	 not really . i moved her from japan a while ago to be a teacher .	awesome . for my 18th birthday , my whole family moved from ny to ca .	 those are both great places to live . i teach japanese and drawing to high school students .	wonderful when i was young till last year , i lived on a farm .	 how old are you now ?	i am twenty one ; how about you ?	 i am 35 and still single .	are you looking forward to turning 40 ?	 no not at all . it seems dreadful .	at 35 , you are middle age , did you know that ?	 i am not sure that is true . that would mean average death is age 70 .	that seems about right . lol
hi , how are you doing today	super cool . thanks . what are you doing ?	 you know i was adopted , and make myself do something fun	i love the color red so much . what do you do for fun ?	 i do horseback riding for the free time	i love to ride horses too . can i wear my red outfit ?	 i do accounting jobs in a firm	what firm are you in ?	 it is an accounting firms a big one	all of my clothes are red . is that strange ?	 oh that is alright . that is your favorite	even my vehicle is red . what do you like to do ?	 spending time with friends coz i gew up alone	that is so sad . you are an only child ?	 yes , you got it right . how about you	i like to shop for clothes . i also play a banjo .
 hi there . how are you today ?	i am good . busy with my 3 kiddos . you ?	 just trying to perfectly plan my next date . i love being romantic .	this is sweet . maybe a date to a wing place for hot wings would be fun .	 perhaps , i only get to chose once in a while , as he picks most times .	he should let you pick sometimes .	 he does , when i do i choose jazz festivals .	cool ! i sing at my church but would love to sing jazz too	 do you collect antiques , i love collecting antique dolls	i do not but growing up in the trailer park my grandmother had a doll collection	 oh , did your grandmother have victorian era things ?	not much room in her trailer but she had lots of dolls	 i see . do you have any hobbies ? or is singing at church a hobby ?	not much time for hobbies since the kids keep me busy . you ?
 good morning , how are you ?	doing alright and thanks for asking .	 your welcome . i had a very busy morning how about you	was okay . dog woke me up and just getting ready for a date .	 awesome i spent the morning running all morning	running is good on the body . thinking about taking ipod on the date	 that is a good idea . where are you going ?	going to go diving and eat just will miss my animals you have any ?	 nope i do not have any . what is your favorite basket ball team	like the bulls and oh my life is so good like waking up each day	 i love the vancouver grizzlies	wish i could go there and see em play	 yeah me too but i will take tv just fine	wish i could take my dog and i just always on my phone to much	 i know the feeling i am too busy running marathons	would like to run with you and just bring my dog he need to get in shape
hello how are u my name is joe	hockey is my favorite sports , what is yours ?	 i am not into sports i am too chubby for sports	i am doing great , hi joe , what is your major ? mine is business	 i am a interior designer i love it	ok , do you work out ? my best friend is not here , we can work out .	 i like to larp in my free time i do not like the gym	do you spent most of the time sitting ? do you travel by air ?	 i love sitting on the couch listening to insane clown posse	i travel by air to another country before .	 i like to drive instead of fly	do you also eat chips sitting on the couch . you know , potato chips .	 yes i like chips as long as there is dip	so do you go far with your car ?	 no i like to stay close to home	that dip stuff can make people fat !
 hey , whats happening ?	hey what do you do for a living	 well , i am a pastry chef . i am really into baking cakes .	that sounds like a fun job , i am a waitress at chili s	 how is that going for you ? are you a career waitress ?	its okay i am just working there til i can move out of my parents place	 yeah , my twin brother did something like that .	you have a twin that is cool . what do you like to do in your spare time	 tap dancing . i have even won a few competitions .	you must be a great tap dancer . i play soccer and watch movies	 i am too short for soccer . so is my twin brother .	do you play any sports ?	 no , not really , unless dancing competitively counts as one .	do you like movies
 hello how are you this fine evening ?	hi ! i am single mother who lives alone . father has custody after the divorce	 i bet you miss the children . there is one set of twins in my family	i do very much and it is lonely without them . i became a night owl .	 all my girlfriends cheated on me but one	hmm . . . i am sorry to hear . i work for hanson corporation and build robots	 cool sounds very interesting	it is interesting . yet i do not have much of a social life .	 random . . i love to make fart noises with my arm lol	yeah that is random .	 lol i can even make some musical songs too	wow ! i have been eating a lot of chinese take out lately .	 love chinese we have it delivered to our house	same here to tired to pick it up
hi how are you doing	a little sad since my favorite season summer is over	 yeah i like summerton do you like being outside	yes , i love fishing so i live outside . what ind of stuff do you like ?	 i like playing outside with my dolls and toys	that sounds fun , i love the holidays and decorating my house for christmas	 christmas is such a fun holiday	yes it is , my family enjoys listening to classic radio programs	 do you like to have picnics	i enjoy the sun and food so picnics are great	 i love having picnics with my family	that is the best way to enjoy them .	 i also really like it when i get flowers	me too they are beautiful
 hi , do you have a big family ? i love big families .	hello ! no just three of us . whats your name ? call me albert	 my family consists of 3 boys and 4 girls .	wow ! what do you do ? my former job was a lawyer	 my name is crystal and i also have two beautiful huskies .	beautiful dogs . i have a cat	 i make cakes my favorite is chocolate with extra frosting .	yummy . what do you do for a living ?	 i am a baker . in my spare time i play my guitar .	what do you like to bake ?	 i love to bake birthday cakes love to see kids smile .	i love homemade vanilla icing	 i enjoy extra icing on my chocolate cakes .	yes that sounds good too
 hello , my name is rose . how are you ?	hi rose . i am doing good . how are you ?	 i am doing well thank you .	great ! do you have any pets ?	 sadly , no but i do have four children and several grandchildren .	sounds like fun ! i have three dogs and two cats .	 nice ! i guess you could consider my husband one . marines are bulldogs .	i hope to have a big family too someday when my husband and i start a family .	 yes , big families are great . getting older , not so much .	you would have a lot of family members to look after you !	 true . however , i prefer being independent and just read books .	i just love spending time with my pets too . they are so entertaining .	 yes , grandchildren are entertaining as well . mine range from 7 to 30 .	i could be on of your grandchildren !
 hi how are you today ? sorry ! !	i am well . listening to some blues this morning	 is that your favorite music ?	actually my favorite is prince . do u have any hobbies ?	 i love baseball its the best !	do u play or just like to watch ?	 i love the watch . go nats !	nice ! do u speak any other languages ?	 i do not but i would love to learn . you ?	i can only speak english and spanish . what do u do for work ?	 i work for the government but do not tell anyone	i certainly wo not ! i do data entry its a tad boring . yours sounds exciting .	 yeah but i always gotta watch my back	oh no ! sounds a bit unsafe !	 yeah it keeps me on edge that is why i watch baseball	i can imagine so ! i would love to learn to cook chinese . my mom was half chinese .
 good afternoon . how is your day going	hello , how are you today ? i am doing well , taking care of my animals !	 do you have a hobby ? or like sports ?	i like country line dancing if that counts as sports and a hobby . you ?	 i am a baseball fan myself and love the tigers !	oh , that is wonderful ! do you eat healthy foods ?	 i do try to eat healthy and stay thin	me too , i switched to a healthy vegan diet even though i raise animals .	 hunting is a favorite for me and helps to avoid processed foods	i do miss eating meat , i loved venison . is that what you hunt ?	 do hunt deer and pheasant	my friend hunts pheasant and shared some ; i liked it .	 yes it is not bad . do you have a favorite tv show	i do not get to watch much television with my farm work . do you ?
 hello there how is life treating you today ?	hi its going pretty good how about you	 cannot complain , enjoying the morning with my 2 dogs	i like dogs what kind are they	 pitt bulls . they are so sweet . i work pretty closely with a pitt bull rescue	its all in how you treat them like all animals	 that is absolutely the case . what do you do ?	i am a science treat at the local university got my masters a few years ago	 that sounds rewarding . i do computer programming for facebook	teacher sorry about the typo . wow that is a great job	 i am fortunate in that regard	yeah what do you do in your spare tie
 hey , i wish i could just take school more seriously	wow , that is too bad . what do you do for fun ?	 i like to hang out with people . been in relationships that ended badly	that stinks . i enjoy the saxophone and play jazz in a band . do you work ?	 that is awesome . naw . i have a lot of friends though i converse with .	great . i like to take vacations near lake michigan and eat lobster and shrimp .	 that is awesome . . . . i just wish i could just focus better and just get things done .	i understand . try coffee ! i love iced coffee . or karate to relieve stress .	 that is true , coffee makes sense . i do walk 10 miles . . . yet still .	that is good exercise . i prefer karate and currently have a black belt .	 that is cool . karate seems nice	it is . do you have any pets ? i do not .	 i had 2 dogs , 2 birds , a toad , a fish , 2 turtles . that was it .	wow that is a lot . must keep you busy
 hi ! what are your hobbies ? i like to eat home cooked meals .	hi ! my life is simple , no cars , no kids , no chaos !	 that is great . mine too . long walks on the beach , good music , etc .	i have a park near me too and take long walks there , specially in the evening .	 i like walks too . especially when the sky is blue , that is my favorite color	purple is mine . i have purple sofa , rug , lamps , chairs , mirrors , everything !	 how fun ! do you like to decorate ?	i buy what i like . i use my time to keep up with my podcasts .	 i like podcasts too . there is a great one on pop music that i listen to regularly .	i like mystical ones , you know with mediums and spiritualists .	 do you believe in ghosts and spirits ?	definately ! ! i have seen my share and would love to know who they are	 that is fascinating . i have never had that experience . all ordinary !	first time makes your skin crawl , at least for me !
 do you have any money for me ?	no i am poor and vegan , i grow all of my own food	 oh , do you want to do some yoga ?	i am going back to college so i am too broke to pay for yoga class	 we can do yoga at my house ?	oh well that would be decent . do you have any animals ?	 i think we cannot afford any	we could find some animals in nature , i love them	 i would love that . let us be bffs	why not ? i am down , do you like reading ?	 about fairy tales , sure . will you read some ?	i would read to you if you like that kind of thing	 i do , thank you , a lot	what kind of music do you like ?	 i do not know , fancy calm kinds .	not bad , i am a big country fan
 hi how are you today ?	i am well catching up on grey anatomy	 i love that show ! , it is one show i watch when school is in	yes me too , i am still in high school	 i go to art school	really , where ? i love music an my mommy	 in la , i am focused on painting . what is you favourite class	music , since i am in band i just love it	 what kind of music to you play	drums , you ? i try to live my life in order	 i do not play but i love , dance music	cool . you would be on the field .	 what do you want to do after high school	still be in music somehow some way .	 i want to do murals	cool , where ? out doors or inside ?
 hey my kids are so tiny omg lol	have you seen the latest ted talk ?	 i need more iron after these babies back to back	vitamins are important . i love to stay fit .	 no i do not have time ! i have 2 kids an 2 cats all young	i love cats . what are their names ?	 i need me some kale now lol spices an paprika	i saw some kale growing in the woods where i love to walk .	 oh really ? like adam levine ?	i do not like tv very much . its bad .	 where do you go for a walk at ? is it safe to eat ?	it looks safe . i love kale .
 hello how are you today ?	great ! just hopping online before i hit the mall ! what are you up to ?	 nice day to shop ! i actually just finished editing one of my short films .	how cool ! do you do it online ? i am a blogger .	 yes . it is easier to access and covert my files when i am traveling overseas .	i would love to travel , i have never left celebration , fl !	 wow i travel a lot to participant in civil war reenactments , and to visit my mom .	moms are great just ask my two kids !	 ll ! yes they are . you might have heard of my mom . she is always in the news .	that is amazing ! my husband and i watch the news every night .	 oh you might have seen her donating in texas recently with my sister blue ivy .	i did ! i jumped up and cheered her on like i did in high school !	 us carters and knowles stay in the news . i was in the news at least 6 times .	so cool ! i did a post on all of you in my lifestyle blog last month .
 hi , how are you ? where are you from ?	hey ! dave here upstate ny ! you ?	 houston , tx . even with the hurricane , i love it here	never been ! heard its great ! that storm was a monster .	 i have always wanting to visit ny ! are you near the city ?	few hours away , up in the country . miss the city , have not been since my accident .	 what happened if you do not mind my asking	atv accident , left me as a quadriplegic . no worries i often write about it on my blog .	 i bet writing is cathartic , what else do you stay busy with ?	i am a gamer and work for a video game company	 oh nice ! my friend james is a huge gamer also	it keeps the mind busy . what do you do ?
 hello , how are you tonight ?	i am well thanks and you	 i am ok . sometimes i can take things literally . i apologize ahead of time .	its ok i have to check my suger it makes me moody	 yeah , a few things make me moody which is why i play video games a lot .	i ride my bike when i get like that	 that is cool too . i am also a fan of comic books and anime .	i just do not like working out anymore	 i do not work out in a gym . my gay partner and i workout at home .	that is cool i like playing drums at home	 right on ! i am figuring out how to come out to my parents .	i have dogs they might do it for you	 lol . maybe , i love to sketch my favorite characters , maybe they can do it .	that is cool i like biking do you
hey how are you doing today ?	just exhausted from walking my dogs for the past couple hours . you ?	 i was just swimming very fun .	i bet . what else do you do for fun ?	 i read my favorite fantasy novels , how many dogs do you have ?	i have three of them . a husky , chihuahua , and pomeranian . all purebreds	 i am retired from monsanto . wow are you a breeder ?	monsanto , ick . no i am not , just like my babies pure haha	 yes i know . basically i was not happy working there anymore .	i do not blame you . i work in architecture . i love my job	 i also spend time online shopping . architecture is great .	so what do you want most in this life ?	 happiness and harmony . i do not care to be rich , but i would not turn it down .	how beautiful . i just want someone to love me	 oh well are you a man or woman ? i do have some standards grinning	haha ! i am a woman , and very straight
 hi , how has your day been ?	good i sleep days getting ready for work ! how about you ?	 i am the opposite , so i am getting ready for bed .	i miss that ! i just started working security , so low man on the totem pole , work nights .	 yes that is rough . i own a small marketing consultant agency , so days for me .	lucky you ! my dogs are pretty confused by the new schedule . do you have pets ?	 i bet ! no , its just me and my husband who is absolutely wonderful .	nice . i broke up with my gf recently , so the dogs are really confused .	 www , i am sorry to hear that ! !	its ok . it hurts sometimes , the new job helped a lot . where do you live ?	 i live in myrtle beach , how about you ?	oh wow ! are you going to get the hurricane ? i am near chicago .	 so far it looks as if we are in the clear , but a lot of rain .	i have only been there once when i lived in virginia , i really liked it .
 hi hello what is up ?	not much just watching a john grisham movie	 what do you do for a living ?	i am a teacher and i play guitar in a local band on the weekends	 do you know the band rise against ?	i have heard the name before yes . do you like them ?	 they are my absolute favorite . what is your favorite band ?	i really like five finger death punch now i grew up on metallica	 that sounds very cool . i like them too .	do you have a girlfriend ? mines always threatening to leave me	 that is very stressful . what is her name ?	allison she is very moody at times	 she is very rude . break up .	i probably should there is got to be nicer people in the world	 yes . you should find another girl .	what do you have planned tomorrow ? i was thinking of watching football
 how are you doing today	i am great ! guess what !	 what are you going to tell me	today , i found out how to cure the cold !	 what is the cure ? tell me .	no . it will be used to help me take over the world . join me .	 why do you want to take over the world	to give red heads like me more power .	 that sounds very interesting . why ?	i am not sure . just feels right . tell me about yourself . you might be a good fit .	 i like to do experiments and cook	oh , experiments might be helpful taking over the world . i sing in the shower . is that okay ?	 i do not really care	good . we shall work great together .	 i do not know about that	why not ? i will call you lollipop . i am called bubblegum .
 hi how arae you today	pretty good , just finished swimming	 do you swim a lot	yes learned at a young age , now i am 33	 cool do you like baseball	yes , yankee fan , and you	 i am a pro ball player	i playsoft for all american women team	 cool do you have pets	yes , two cats and 4 dogs , , do you	 i have a upper named alfred	what music do you like
 hey how are you doing ?	great ! i wear a cape and go to movies	 oh ? what is your favorite movie ?	i do not know . there are so many . i like hobbies	 oh well do you have any kids ?	my parents took me when i was little with my brother	 took you ? what do you mean ?	i do not know . i am a little weird	 oh that is no big deal , i am a painter i like the weird	awesome ! i wear a cape !	 why do you do this ?	i am a superhero in my own mind	 oh , nothing wrong with that . do you exercise ?	no . i do not believe in that	 oh i see , well i like walking . superheros do not work out ?	yes . i love to run and swim and bike and dance
 hey there , do you know how to swim ? i do not .	vegans never swim . its bad for the animals	 are you vegan ? i love to grill steak while listening to rock music .	yes i do not eat or support anything that is harmful to animals	 no barbeque for you then . i could take you for a ride in my tahoe though .	oh i still eat bbq . . . i am only human	 nice . i love history about wars , especially wwii because my grandpa was in it .	well i am thankful for people like you grandpa	 nice . i love history about wars , especially wwii because my grandpa was in it .	that is cool ? well it has been a pleasure talking with you	 i really am too . great talking to you too .	okay . bye for now then	 i really hope you have a good rest of your day .	you do the same now ya hear ?
hello and greetings from austin , texas !	hello texas ! do you work or do you go to school ?	 i work a lot . i wish i had more time with my son .	i understand that . i am in school right now .	 i am a cool dad , taking my son to see imagine dragons tonight . our fave .	you sound like a good dad . i do not have kids yet . just school and watch tv .	 what is your favorite tv show ?	i love the walking dead .	 nice , i watch a bunch of true crime stuff on i would discovery .	i like that too . there is some scary stuff in those shows .	 sure are . may i ask how old you are ?	i am 22 and still living at home . i do not drive . i was in two accidents .	 i bet that was scary ! thank goodness you are ok !	thank you . it was , but i am slowly getting over it .	 that is good to hear . maybe someday you will be okay with driving ?	i hope so . i just try to keep positive , eat healthy and drink lots of water .
 hello , how are you today ?	i am good ! taking a break from studying for a test .	 nice , i just got off work from mcdonald	cool ! my friends and i go there sometimes . i get the side salad .	 i am only 18 , but i want to work before college to get a car .	that is smart ! i am hoping my straight as will get me into a good college .	 yea , i just think there is no rush .	i guess . i work hard , but try to focus on spending time with my friends .	 that is good . i was not surrounded by good friends so i am living at home still .	oh i live at home too . i am still in high school .	 cool , high school is nice .	i really like it . my friends are here and i like learning and reading .	 i do not really like studying . what do you do for fun ?	i cook ! i like inventing healthy new recipes .
hi , how are you doing today ?	good . how are you doing ?	 not so hot . just sent my car to be fixed at the garage .	bummer . hope it is an easy fix . i do not drive much ,	 do you live in the city ? this was my second crash . ran into a tree .	yes i do . people are ridiculous drivers around here so i avoid it haha .	 haha . i would rather stay home and watch tv .	me too ! do you like sweets ?	 i love all kinds of food . and water too . my lifelines . you ?	gummy bears , and coffee are my vices .	 nice . i need coffee for studying . working on getting a degree .	what type of degree ? i own parakeet and train them .	 business . parakeets ? how cool . i do not have any animals .	i love animals , but i have to remind myself i cant keep them all .
 hi there , how are you ?	it s my days off so i m fine thank you , you ?	 it never feels like a day off when you live with your parents like me	oh i understand . i moved away last year to go to college	 i travel too often for college !	i cant stay online too long , i have to pick up my new pair of eyeglasses	 you can still talk to me on i message ? i have got an iphone !	probably not . busy day . picking up my pepe le peu purse from repair shop	 oh i see . cute purse , do you own it in red ? my favorite color	no . red clashes with my olive skin , not to mention my greenish eyes .	 you sound very pretty ! what else do you like ?	books ! which probably explains why i m studying to become a librarian . you ?	 wow , that is exciting . do you ever travel for that ?	no . i live at school . i travel though to go to rockabilly concerts	 do you live at school or with parents still like me ?	i live at school . thankfully . love parents but don t have to live with them !
 hi . how old are you ?	hi , i just got my drivers license ! i am sweet 16 now ! whoop whoop !	 i am one year older than you . congratulations on the license !	thanks ! do you work ? do you like it ?	 i do not work . between school work and hockey , i have no time .	totally understand . i dance and it s after school .	 do you live in the u . s like me ?	i do ! i live near disneyland . ok i go there like every week !	 that sounds awesome . what is your favorite subject in school ?	well i love to sing . so choir .	 i see . i am into challenging subjects , like math .	that s cool . i just sang part of your world from little mermaid	 i love that movie ! do you have a boyfriend ?	ya ariel is my favorite princess . i don t have a boyfriend	 mine too . would you be interested in meeting up some day ?	sure , but my dance life is pretty hectic .
 hello . where do you live ?	i live in baltimore . where are you from ?	 i live in the big apple . new york city .	do you like football ?	 not really . i write for blogs and i love going to museums .	i am a linebacker for the baltimore ravens .	 oh wow . now that is cool . are you married ?	no , i am not . are you ?	 yeah . big family . ten nieces and nephews .	i come a small family . i only have one brother .	 that can be nice too . so how is baltimore these days ?	it is nice . the weather is getting cooler .	 that is where michael phelps is from , right ? pretty cool !	how is new york this time of the year ?	 getting cooler too . winter is coming !	i am happy about that . i like winter .
 hi do you want to go hang out at the mall	no thanks , i have to tend to my plants .	 ok another time i could take my dog for a walk i guess	we can go to public , i run out of coffee , need my black cup of joe .	 coffee is great . do you think there are cute guys to check out ?	maybe . . . i am ready to date again . my husband passed away last year .	 sorry to hear . we could hang out and check the action	thanks . today i am ok , i was with my family yesterday , will meet every saturday .	 you need to get out . how about a game of tennis	cannot , i have arthritis everywhere ! i am a young 77 year old lady !	 my pug , corky has arthritis . it is painful	poor guy , i love gardening but sometimes i am in pain .
hey whats going on ? ! how are you	hi ! i am doing well , cooked up some stews today , how about you ?	 just looking for smelly feet remedies . lol mine are horrible	aw its okay , i am an older lady so i do not mind	 haha ok . well with my brown eyes , blonde hair and an obsession with money , typical female	oh , do you like to watch tv ? i enjoy spongebob	 i am not much of a tv fan . more movies than anything	cool , i always get nachos with extra cheese when i go to the movies	 lol i would rather just have popcorn and sprite	i cannot help it , i love cheese . wish they had cheese popcorn too	 you can put cheese on your popcorn i am sure	that is a good idea , now i want to add cheese to my stews !	 that would be delicious to	once i perfect the recipe i will cook stews with cheese for you	 you better ! ! haha i would love to try it	great and maybe they will help remedy your feet haha
 hi ! how area you doing today ?	doing great ! i have had my coffee and am in an artistic mood .	 do you draw a lot ?	i try to do some painting when i get a chance on the weekends .	 what do you do for a living then ?	i work in the banking industry . how about you ?	 i am like a little boy . i loveeee trains .	cool ! do you have model trains ?	 of course ! i love my boy thomas the tank engine .	thomas ! my favorite color too . now i am thinking about his town of odor .	 odor always reminds me of honor . honor .	hmm . i am not familiar with honor . tell me more .
 how has you night been so far ?	no . my dogs are sick	 that is not good , did they eat something the should not have ?	i think they got in the trash	 hopefully they feel better soon . so any plans for tomorrow ?	no , just cooking food all day	 i will be baking with my sisters all day , we work in a bakery	i want to work with you	 yes , it is fun and luckily our mom is a dentist so no cavities	dang . i am really jealous . do you want to go run with me ?	 i would love it , how often do you run ?	everyday . my red hair flowing in the wind	 i love running and tennis , i am in canada though so the snowy months suck	yeah but you have plenty of maple to bake with	 too funny , and yes there is , what will you be cooking tomorrow ?	i do not know . whatever i want . maybe chicken
 hey do you ever wonder how you will find parking at a new place ? i do .	if i drove i would probably wonder that .	 hey do you ever wonder how you will find parking at a new place ? i do .	my mom made me get braces and i hate it !	 ouch braces . i had to learn because it was just me and my brother	i get told alot that i talk when i am not supposed to	 i get that too but my hair is dyed blonde and they think it is natural .	i hope to one day become a veterinarian . i love animals , you ?	 right now , i just chase food trucks . they are awesome .	never thought of chasing food truck , i need to eat less . that would not help .	 it sure would not be good .	i have been doodling ponies on my three ring binder , trying to stay busy .	 i have a quiet confidence about me .	i would if these braced did not feel so ugly .	 yeah www on the braces . do they hurt ?	they can , especially after an adjustment .
 hi how are you doing	good thanks how are you	 i am good just got back form a hike	do you like to hike a lot	 yeah i am pretty outdoorsy	nice it is raining here	 that is too bad i am about to get my nails done	nice lets go do our nails	 ok ! i go every week	nice i am angry usually	 oh no why is that	just my temper it is fast like my car	 who are you usually angry at	everything and everyone you see	 that is funny do you like volleyball	it is okay as long as i do not lose
hello there had a good day in the outdoors love it	that sounds nice . i make a lot of money and i love it outside	 good for you i love to build things too	what do you like to build ?	 furniture if i had your money i would travel love it too	yeah 70 thousand per year . i rarely go into work too	 awesome i have to grow a garden to eat but i enjoy it	what do you like to grow ?	 vegetables of all kinds and some fruit trees	what is your favorite fruit ?	 i like apples a lot and some varieties of pears	that is cool . i own the company i work at	 that sounds like a lot of responsibility	i am used to it . it is on auto pilot now	 reaping the rewards of hard work	finally yes , i totally am .
 hi do you want to fight me	nah i am real scared of you clowns	 are you calling me a clown ?	yes i am , where do you live ?	 i live with my motorcycle club	i make sure i live away from you . that is cool , i am in a apartment	 why are you being so mean to me ?	you the 1 who wants to fight , just know i have dogs .	 just because i have not ever lost one before .	you would lose this 1 , 2 dogs , 2 live in roommates . lets go	 i do not think i would lose . i would eat your hair .	what are you ? a pro fighter ?	 no , i just like fighting , like most women do .	you are mad weird , i would not even try to fight you .	 so i win by default . i can drive you somewhere if you want .	lol , oh you are a mess . hair tho ?
 hi , i just finished watching a movie and you ?	i am just watching some tv .	 i like funny ones and action movies , what about you ?	i like romantic comedies . are you married ?	 what do you do in your spare time ? i play tennis .	hang out with my husband . we were high school sweethearts .	 no not married , do you like music ? i like all music	i like most music . i am a first grade teacher , you ?	 that is cool that you have been together since high school .	what do you do for a living ?	 i work from home , for an insurance company	oh , how do you like it ?	 so it is kinda nice working from home .	what is your favorite drink ?	 but it does yet a little lonely , so i play music all day .	my kids are always loud in class .
 hi , i am busy making kale soup but thought i could chat , too .	sounds delicious . i just returned from an intense workout , may i have some ?	 you sure can but hurry because my two young kids will be here soon .	it is okay . last week i totaled my car , but i fly a kite real fast	 i totaled my car and did not get hurt ? are you okay ?	yeah i am thank you ! i actually play rugby so i am all sorts of tough !	 my two kids are under ten and would love to watch you play .	do they play any sports ? i love all kinds , but rugby is easily my favorite	 soccer seems to be the game at their school .	i always liked playing baseball in school , but my cousin got me into rugby	 you can use the extra iron the kale provides .	you are so nice to have me for dinner !	 anytime as long as i am making a big pot full .	to be honest i have never eaten kale before	 even our two cats eat it . leftovers	i love cats ! what are their names ?
 hello how are you doing ?	i am doing well , you ?	 not bad i worked long hours tonight like my father used to .	i just got done welding all day . time for video games a steak !	 sounds great ! maybe a little hot chocolate after dinner	chocolate is always good . would you like to hear a secret ?	 oh sure why not . i am generally a good sport .	i am gay have not told my parents .	 my mom used to read to me i hope your parents are supportive , too	my parents are very religious . i am afraid they will not understand .	 i believe the one that loves us all loves us unconditionally . i hope they do	i do not think they would even understand me chatting with strangers ! ; p	 i am really sorry about that . i will pray for their understanding . . . and food allergies ?	food allergies are easier to cure then intolerance . . . it has been nice chatting with you though !	 yes i agree my friend . it has been nice chatting with you , too !	have a great night , it is about time for my steak games !
hello ! how are you doing ?	hi ! i am great ! i just graduated highschool ! how about you ?	 good ! just got engaged to my high school boyfriend	congratulations ! have you graduated college ? i am attending the university of michigan in the fall .	 no but i go to school in kentucky and live with my parents	cool , do you have any favorite foods ? i like tacos but hate spaghetti , have anything interesting planned ?	 i am going to go to a metal concert ! that is my favorite	cool , i like music but really am more into nature . summer is my favorite season ,	 how do you like to spend your afternoons ? i am usually working out	fun , just relaxing in the summer is my fave .	 kentucky in the summer is beautiful	any other interesting stuff going on in your life ?
 hi . i am from pittsburgh . how about you ?	i am from georgia , and i would like to become a teacher .	 that is a great aspiration . right now i work at a school as librarian .	that is cool , i do not think i could do that i have a short temper .	 well , i like it really quiet at work .	i am picky when it comes to a lot of things especially food .	 italian food is my favorite . what kind of food do you like ?	i do not really have a favorite for food but i do love 2000s indie music	 concerts are a lot of fun . i try to go to one on saturdays .	i love taking y dog to concerts , he is my favorite thing in the world .	 i love dogs . the animal shelter i volunteer at has lots of cute puppies .	that is cool . do you have any other cool facts about you ?	 i lead a pretty quiet life . how about you ?	nope that is pretty much everything i got ! lol
 help me how to learn to speak another language	i can only speak one language !	 parents are non english speakers	maybe music will help them learn a new language .	 i do use italian to talk with them	i am too old to learn italian but not as old as being 46	 when they cook , i do it with them coz i like it	i like cooking too . i just love food , especially cheese .	 i learned english in america	i hope to visit america , except i have to take pills to live .	 i went there when i was only 14	that is young . did you drive ? i hate driving .	 yes , because i need to drive my 3 children	do they the backstreet boys ? that is my favorite group .
hi , how are you doing today ?	i am ok . how are you ?	 i am daydreaming . want to quit job and become a bieber roadie .	sounds good ! i am having a barbecue with my brothers .	 what are you guys cooking ?	hamburgers and hot dogs . lots of them .	 nice . i hate waiting in line to get food .	me , too . whats your job that you want to quit ?	 i am a prom photographer . i still have my prom pic in my wallet . you ?	not me ! i looked like a red topped mushroom at my prom !	 a lot of people do . believe me .	glad to hear i am not alone ! now i look like young santa claus .
hello , do you like to draw ?	doodling is one my skills , as long as it is green	 i enjoy drawing other people .	like famous people ? comedians are a good choice	 only if they have a sense of humor	i would hope so being a comedian lol	 i like hard boiled eggs , maybe you could make a joke about eggs .	never said i was a comedian , new subject what music you into ?	 rock and roll . do you like tea ? i drink a lot of tea .	i prefer drinks with a bit more kick	 i like scotch with my tea haha .	got to admit , have never tried that combo	 goes well with hard boiled eggs , you have to try it lol .	ok that is on my bucket list . . my dad would approve ti think
 hi do you want to travel with me ?	maybe , do we have anything in common ?	 do you have an iphone ?	no , not yet . i am old fashioned . still draw with a pencil .	 do you prefer headsets or earbuds ?	earbuds . makes mountain biking easier .	 what is your favorite color ?	purple . how about you ?	 red . i guess we do not have anything in common .	i love to laugh . maybe that is enough . sense of humor is the best .	 well lets go . where do you want to travel to ?	never been anywhere . any ideas ? states or another country ?	 korea . i want to go there .	that sounds scary . do you travel often ?	 how is korea scary ? yes all the time	just hear it on the news . guess i should not believe everything . it is nice ?
 hey , how are you today	doing great . enjoying my dogs company this afternoon . you have any ?	 yes i have one dog . i have mostly been working on curing the common code	oh . are you a doctor ? my left knee is full of metal parts	 that sucks . i would like to be a doctor someday	do you enjoy listening to music ? i love jazz , from when i was a little girl	 i like any song that is fun to sing in the shower lol	my parrot sings too . i sing to my family , they mean the world to me	 me and my brother were both red headed . we are a lot a like	my husband is a red head ! every wednesday .	 haha . he calls me bubble gum	we play bingo , every wednesday . bubble gum ? haha , that is pink	 he is always telling me that i have a pink tint to my hair	so strawberry , not fire .	 i think its fire . he calls it strawberry	my golden retriever has some coppery colored hair . i have 3 of them
hi . what can you tell me about yourself ?	i am in a family band and piercings	 is that so ? i was a banker until last month .	what do you do for fum	 i love to dance . been dancing since about 2 years old . you ?	working as a barista and my music	 very cool . i was recently engaged and the wedding will be in paris .	congrats ! nothing that great in my life	 that is too bad . have any unusual talents at least ?	none , just my grunge band	 bands are cool . it is silly , but i am good at saying the alphabet in reverse .	neat , my folks teach so i am good at that too	 awesome ! have you been to any foreign countries ?	never , where have been other than paris ?
hello , how are you this evening ?	hi , i am doing well , enjoying relaxing , you ?	 i am taking a quite break from studying , but doing fine	college ? i am preparing for my morning yoga class i teach	 i am studying with an education program , i want to teach kindergarten .	i could not handle bunch of little kids , that is some skill	 i go to art museums to calm down when it gets too much	what do you do for fun outside of that ?	 i teach vegan awareness at a local farmers market	so you are vegan , is that like a volunteer job ?	 it is a lifestyle , i do not use animal products , but i raise awareness too	well i understand that , i meant the teaching at the market	 oh yeah , it is a volunteer job that i do	that is cool , my twin and i often switch places and i will go to her meetings
 hello , how are you this evening ?	i am well , how are you ?	 doing ok , just got done eating supper	cool , what did you eat ? i love mcdonalds french fries	 i had some enchiladas from a local mexican restaurant . i eat out alot	i try not to but it is hard	 yea , i find that most of my day is gone between work and commuting	i teach first grade , where do you work ?	 i work in an office for a bank	nice , money money money lol	 it is a nice job , do you enjoy teaching ?	absolutely . the kids are a joy to teach	 do you have any hobbies ? although i am sure teacher work takes up a lot of time	yes , shopping and visiting my parents in japan
 so , how are ya ? hows the fam ?	i am good . no fam . just me and my running shoes .	 i stay put here and help on the farm . been in the family for generations .	cool . i just finished cooking myself dinner . how about you ?	 oh ya . just finished roasting a duck . duck hunting is my favorite season .	wow . my favorite season is the summer , so i can get in more swimming and running .	 i just run after the cows .	then i hope you run as fast as i swim !	 where you from ? i have family in california , but i never been on a plane .	i am from all over . i have swim trophies from lots of different schools .	 good , good . do they like them tailgate parties ? i sure do .	only if they let me cook . and sing .	 what do you like to cook ?	everything ! you name it , i cook it . you ?	 bacon , bacon , bacon , bacon , and maybe some oreos .	i just sang that in my head . i love singing .
 hi there ! what do you do for a living ?	i am a bud tender for a local colorado dispensary	 oh wow ! that must be an interesting job !	it is , leaves plenty of time to hike in the summers	 hiking is great ! my favorite hobbies are watching movies and sleeping , though .	do you like to ski ?	 i have never been . i work as a personal chef so i am too busy to travel .	ever listen to one direction while cooking ? they are my favorite	 they are great ! i love creating recipes and music sometimes can help inspire me .	right ! i scored a perfect sat because of their music	 wow ! that is quite impressive ! what is your family like ?	i have no idea , they all died when i was 4	 oh gosh . that is so very sad . i am sorry to hear that !	yea . . . . but they were junkies so no big deal
 whats your favorite holiday , christmas is mine	i like christmas too . its a good time to read by the beach .	 i love reading fantasy novels , magic rules	i like to play magic while listening to country music .	 sounds good , my daughter is into magic stuff too	i am raising my daughter vegan , like me . what do you do for a job ?	 i am a teacher at a junior high	cool . i am a programmer . i have held this position for about seven years .	 i teach english and creative writing	i love english ! what books do you read ? what writing do you do ?	 i mainly write fantasy stuff . i like reading tolkien .	did you like the hobbit ? are you into any other movies ?
 hey how are you today	i am great thanks how are you ?	 i am pretty good where do you work	i am a full time student , were do you work ?	 i want to be a writer but i do extra work	i want to play music for a living . do you like music ?	 i do i sing and have won lots	singing is awesome i enjoy it , what else do you enjoy	 do you have twins in your family	not that i know of . do you ?	 yeah i have twin brothers ha	are they younger or older than you ?	 they are the same age but younger	i like salads do you ?
 hi how ar you doing	i am tired but good . how are you ?	 i am goof though my husband passed early this year	i am so sorry to hear that !	 yeah its been a tough year	what do you do to feel better ?	 i like to take pictures and travel	that is cool ! i listen to music to feel better . up is my favorite .	 they are good i want to do photography for a living	yeah ? i work at a researcher .	 what kinds of things do you reasearch	only the best stuff ever , french fries !	 that would be such a cool job	i work at del taco so we are going to have designer fries on the menu soon !
 hi how are you doing	pretty good . just finished up an art project i have been working on .	 that is nice are you an artist	i consider myself to be one , but do not always have a lot of time .	 is that your job or your hobby	hobby . what do you like to do in your spare time ?	 i work a lot at a restuarant not a lot of free time	do you own the place or just work there ?	 i work there do you have kids	if you count my husband ! ll .	 that is funny i have a young daughter	that must be nice . i enjoy being around family and friends .	 it is nice but kids are a lot of work	i can only imagine . right now i travel too much to have any .
hi . my name is mike . how are you ?	hey . i am good . how are you ?	 not bad . i just got back from the pool i love swimming .	nice ! i have a love for dogs , well all animals really .	 me too ! i have two cats and a dog .	wow nice ! i am ready to go back to finish vet school .	 my school is starting soon . we have a lot to read but i love reading .	nice . i also love to read . what types of books do you like ?	 my favorite is science fiction but i also like philosophy books .	nice . i read a lot about vegan before becoming one .	 hey i am vegan too ! i am very tall and my skin is blue because i am so healthy .	nice ! your skin is blue ? ! ? !	 haha yes a little bit . i look like a character from the avatar movie .	or a smurf . i loved that cartoon .
 hi how are you today	could not be better ! just got back from playing tennis . i love it !	 do you play it often	every chance i get . what about you ?	 i do not just with my dogs before	oh you have dogs ? my pug is called corky	 that is a confusing name	haha . anyway , do you want to go out with me ? i am single .	 i do not sorry to say so	no worries . i go out on dates a lot , and my favorite place is the mall .	 those sound like okay dates	some people do not like the noise , but it does not bother me . i was born totally deaf .	 yeah it is a collection of sound	lots of people , so much eye candy !	 haha well that might not be good	when i am not at the mall , i like to play tennis .
 hi how are you doing tonight i am fine ?	i am good hope you are doing well	 yes thank you my mother had to go to the hospital .	i am sorry about that what happened ?	 she had a growth i am familiar with the nurses and doctors .	i am so sorry to hear that	 yes i also have entirely to many bills .	me too . i wish i could order a pizza right now	 oh were are you me too pizza sounds great . i am in jersey .	i am in colorado . it is a bit chilly outside	 that is very far away yes it is getting very cold now keep a sweater on .	i am so short ! ! i need a big jacket ! !	 i once ran very fast then i can now . oh yes get a extra size .	i have to go get contact lenses tommorow
 hi , how is it going ?	hey pretty good ! just snacking on some pizza . how about you ?	 yum , i wish i could eat pizza , blast this diet . what is your favorite food ?	coincidentally , its pizza ! and why the diet ?	 funny ! i am getting back in shape for my husband . where do you work ?	a husband ! i been single for a while , i am tired of it . i wait tables . you ?	 i am a stay at home spouse . married life is okay but long .	oh . so have you been married very long ?	 8 years , you said you were single , for how long ?	about 4 years now ! i spend most of my time cycling and working though	 fun and healthy ! i do not drive so i ride my bike too	cool ! we have something in common .	 that is cool ! what kind of restaurant do you work at ?	an italian restaurant my dad owns . he was a cop , but now he is a restaurant owner	 a cop , dangerous . how old are you ?	25 ! he left the force when i was pretty young through . you ?
 do you like hot chocolate ?	mmmm yes its very delicious	 i generally only drink it in the winter , its far too hot the rest of the time .	that is a shame . better drink chocolate milk as a replacement haha	 ll . do you like to read ?	sometimes . . . i am more of a outdoorsy hippie type of girl	 me , i can read anywhere . i love to read , its my moms fault .	that is true . what is your mom like ?	 she used to read me bedtime stories . now she works too hard to read herself .	that is pretty sad . i am sorry . do you look like her ?	 it depends on which parent you see me with . how about you ?	i have red curly hair just like my dad	 that is beautiful ! ginger is lovely . . though i do not envy curls . have any allergies ?	only bees that i know of . you ?
 hi how are you doing today	pretty good ! how are you ?	 i am doing good , just getting ready to go to work	ahh , cool . where do you work ?	 i work at mc donald fast food	nice ! i am an italian translator who works from home	 aw that cool , i would love to learn to translate ,	do you have any hobbies ?	 tends , but not much time for that	that sounds fun , though . do you have any pets ? i have a cat	 no i cant have any pets where i am at	www , i hate places like that . i love pets
 where do you like to travel and why ?	hi there , i usually travel to family friendly locations because i have three young children	 i love to travel to greece because i grew up there .	i love greek food , i am always snacking on hummus with pita .	 greek food is the best . i love the gyro	do you have any hobbies ?	 i love to sing and cook .	i love singing too ! i sing in the car on my way to work .	 nice . that is the best . ha ! ha !	do you have any children ? we have three and are thinking of having a fourth .	 i do not have any children but i will have in the future .	they are a lot of work , but so worth it !	 i love kids . children are a bundle of joy .	they certainly are they are truly the light of my life .
 hi , how are you , please tell me about yourself ?	i am a morning person , what do you do for fun ?	 i love to cook and go out to eat , italian is my favorite . you ?	i do not have a favorite type of food . i love anything apple though .	 apples are good ! do you like the rapper drake ? he is my favorite	i am not into music . what do you do for exercise or sport ?	 well , not too much sports , but i love playing drums as hobby	i swim . you can work up a sweat playing drums .	 yes , for sure , i love listening to other rap music too	do you have a favorite season ? i like winter .	 definitely summertime is my favorite , so much to do !	winter is better for outdoor sports .
 are you ready to go to the gym ?	nah , i am the artist type , going to school for that	 i have never been to college	all good , kinda overrated . i am 21 and broke with a tiny apartment	 i spent 25 years in the navy . i think that is why i like the bar scene	bars are fun since i just turned 21 !	 yes , but i am still a health nut ! meal prep and the gym for me	healthy body , healthy mind , healthy soul . . . my cat helps with that too !	 i love cats . is yours a boy or girl ?	a girl , she is a little one too	 oh sweet ! do you work or just go to school ?	just going to school at the moment
 hi how are you doing let us get friendly .	yes . we will . where are you from ?	 i am from the united states i live in jersey and you ?	i am in argentina myself . with my lovely horses .	 wow i love horses what are some of their names ?	max , rodney , and finn . do you have a hobby ?	 yes i like to entertain playing the drums .	i play the drums too . i hope you are not vegetarian .	 no but i used to be i am employed at a pizza restaurant .	good because i eat steak often . are you in a band ?	 i just had steak too i am so serious i am not in bands .	what is your favorite band ?	 i like rap music i like micheal jackson too .	thriller was a great album . it always has me dancing in my boots .
 howdy doo this evening to you fellow chatter	aloha . are you single like me ?	 yes , i make lots of friends this i enjoy	do you like long walks on the beach ? i do .	 not really but i play trumpet in a band at my high school	ah , a young one . i am out of school .	 i am going to be a movie director as soon as i grow up	i work as a graphic designer .	 my dad owns a lot of guns and we have over 600 movies	guns are not welcome in my home .	 lets here that when to crack heads are breaking in your home	i would rather not have one of them get a hold of it .	 well a zombie slaying sword will sure come in handy	if the walking dead comes true .
 i am such a sad sack how are you ?	sure you are not . what is up ?	 you go to the beach ? i have never been .	love the beach hanging listening to music .	 awesome but my family loathes me and i have never gone	why does your family loathe you ?	 i have never even been to the beach how could they love me ?	how could they not love you ? you are love .	 not really true although my parrot todd is love	you have got to go to the ocean . you are love too .	 with my parrot though ? can he come ?	you like music ? yeah bring todd	 only very sad music and you ?	go to a lot of concerts .	 yeah that sounds expensive and i am a sad sack	i need music to be .
 hello , how are you ? are you having a good day ?	i am good what hobbies so you have	 i like to listen to jazz music .	that is nice i like to travel	 where have you been ? anywhere nice ?	i try to go to a new place every summer	 that sounds like fun . have you ever met any celebrities ?	no i wish though have you	 i had lunch with will ferrel last week .	wow that is so cool how did you manage hat	 i know his mother . she invited me to lunch .	that is so cool do you like ice cream	 i do . i like vanilla . what flavor do you like ?	pistachio is definitely the best	 it was nice meeting you today .	you too great chatting with you
good day how are you ?	i am well , just working these computers	 that is nice . do you have any kids ?	no , i am too busy in austria . you ?	 not much for kids . how about cars ? i have 3 beautiful ferrari .	no cars , i am orginally from london but i am in austria .	 with 3 ex wives my nice cars might be all i have . hows the weather there ?	i love colors an paints i love too paint .	 painting that is always fun . i have to say its better then acting !	ouch why so many ex man ?	 i think they wanted kids . . .	well they got them , you miss any of them ?	 not much . they always wanted to ride in my cars .	well that is a perk of being married to a man with nice cars right ? ha
hello how are you today	i am great . just taking a break from a great book i am reading	 what book are you reading	the fault in our stars . i love reading	 i have never heard of that whats it about	it is a very sad romance . my husband is actually writing a book with the author	 that is cool about your husband i like to go to the gym in my free time	physical fitness is very important	 yeah it helps keep depression away too	i agree . so where are you from ? i am from france	 i live in rhode island	i live in canada now . i miss france	 both places are beautiful i have heard	what do you do for work ?	 i work at a restaurant but do not make enough money to even fix my car	oh that is awful . maybe try digital artistry . that is what i do
 hello , how are you this evening ?	i am good you ? just painting right now that i got some time .	 that sounds wonderful , i was reading after my grandchildren left , and now talking to you !	aw so sweet ! where are you guys from ?	 well , we have had to move around a lot since my husband was in the military	oh ! yeah i am from london , but now in vienna with my boyfriend .	 i wish i could have moved around more as a younger woman	well there is still always now .	 with my 4 children and all my grandchildren , we cannot move around now and abandon them .	i see . maybe traveling then ? enjoy your life	 senior citizens do not make much money to travel , my savings are pretty low	aw what a shame .	 yeah , but the grandchildren make life worth while	i bet they do ! i want children some day .	 are you married at all ?	not yet , but we have been together for 7 years .
good morning . the sun is shining and the grass is green !	uru , i have a job at a grocery shop !	 awesome ! i am a singer , looking to get signed . do you know anyone ?	no but i like to go visiting sometimes	 i play tennis , my favorite outfit to play in is green .	growing plants in her is what she like to do	 i love plants , they are so green !	there is a big city where my friend lives , it has plants	 plants are great . i love any and all .	i am employed ay a grocery store	 yes , you said that already . do you have any hobbies ?	i know someone and she grow plants , she does it in her garden	 is it a green garden ? i like green .	its a big city maybe , my best friend lives there	 cool . cities are great , i prefer the beach .	i have job , its at a food shop , no the beach
 do you have a girlfriend boyfriend ?	i do not . my soccer schedule keeps me too busy to date .	 i like soccer , i play football	i am a professional goalie .	 do you ever drink ?	i go out every once and while with my new team mates . how about you ?	 i do when i go to watch football games i see them all here in alabama	do you bet on the games ?	 i cant i suffer from social anxiety and betting would be hard for me to do	if you ever do use number 42 . its my number .	 42 is a special number in my geology class at alabama university , it is my major	that is interesting . so you study rocks ?
 hello how are you today	i am doing well today , just sitting around watching halloween movies with my two girls	 halloween movies are great ! i work to much to relax now a days	i used to work long hours after graduating with my nursing degree but kids change things	 i want to go to college but cant afford it . i work at walmart and best buy	two jobs ! goodness ! my husband supports us as a firefighter . we both love helping others	 wow you guys both seem like great people . how old are your daughters	10 and 5 . do you have any children ?	 no its just me . i cant find anyone to date .	i am sorry , it is hard to find a good mate .	 it is okay . do you like winter time ? i love the snow	i am not very fond of the cold but i do love the crisp air of fall	 most of my friends hate the snow too . but it gives me a day off	well that s a good thing .	 yeah everyone needs a day off every once in a while	they sure do especially working two jobs
hey hows it going	hi ? i am ok . who is this ?	 i am bill , and i grew up in the state of alabama	i am max . i live in oregon .	 my mom works as a cashier at walmart , i live in her basement	my mom is mad at me . i got rejected from the gifted class at school	 my mom is proud , i have the easter bunny hiding in my closet	did you catch him ? will you let him out ?	 i force it to watch game of thrones with me	if i had him , i would play soccer with him .	 he is a lousy listener though , poops everywhere	is he your best friend ?	 yeah , but he hates me , sadly	that is sad . my best friend is calden .
 hello how are you today	his i am just fine what about you	 i am doing good just enjoying one of my fav things reading	that sound good , what is your favorite food my is pizza	 i am vegan so i love my veggies	i love baseball what about you	 no i am more of a reader but i do love my movies	that sound good am plan to read more also .	 cool . my fav movie is pretty women	that good i love to watch bet	 i have 2 phones one for work and one for fun	that great i have just one .
 hello there hows the weather where you are ?	it is fine . sorry for the late reply . i get distracted all the time .	 i know what you mean my computer is front of a big window	so what are your hobbies . i like playing sports .	 i like to swim , read books	nice . i like to socialize . i love chatting with my friends .	 me too got a coffee club i attend most weeks	are you good at holding conversations ?	 yes , i have a knack for speaking writing texting	me too . i can talk to people with ease . are you in a relationship ?	 no recently lost my parents so dating is off the table for a while	oh i am really sorry to hear that .
 hey there , hows it going	hi , pretty good . just got in from walking my dog . you ?	 actually just playing with my cat jasper	what kind of cat ? my dog is a pomeranian .	 this one is just plain white , i actually have 4 , ones a pure bengal	wow . any other pets or just cats ?	 i have a puppy , he is a pure shi zu , but he has a long snout	wow that is a lot ! i am busy with my music . i only have time for one .	 well , i live with my parents still , and my mother and i love cats	i play in violin competitions so i am always practicing .	 my mother used to play , i played the clarinet in competitions for a few years	really ? my sister plays the clarinet !	 yep , and my little brother plays now too . i do not have the lung power anymore	my mom teaches music so she taught my sister and i .
hello . i have a pet pomeranian . do you like dogs ?	hello ! what do you do for work ? i am employed for a store that sells candy .	 i compete playing violin on competitions , a few of them i have placed high in .	i like dogs but my real passion lies in politics .	 i see . i got my passion from my mom teaching music in elementary school	i love the violin . do you like sports ? i was good at football while in college .	 i have enter in many contest as well as my eldest sister with her clarinet	how fun ! my sister and i enjoy running together . we ran a couple miles today .	 i do enjoy sports . especially live . i like dancing more than running	dancing is fun too ! what live sports do you like ?	 football , before they went crazy . baseball and hockey	i like baseball out of all the sports .	 it is a good sport except when it is a 1000 degrees outside	yes , very true ! did you ever play baseball ?	 with family yes . i played co ed softball mostly	i played baseball for 9 years !
hi how are you this weekend ?	i am doing fine . and yourself ?	 pretty good . watching irma coverage instead of watching laker game reruns	i hope everyone will be ok . i have friends that live in florida and puerto rico	 i hope your friends are safe too ! pretty stressful for people .	it really is stressful first hurricane harvey and now hurricane irma .	 i have never been in a hurricane thankfully .	same here . i just know a lot of people that actually is going through it .	 i wish them well . my grandparents lived in the south and they were in them before .	thanks . wow i am sorry to hear that .	 they are okay , still alive . going to get some ice cream with grandfather later today actually	oh ok i am glad to hear that . i would not mind some ice cream but i cannot .
 hello , how are you tonight ?	good . tired . i was training all day . you ?	 what are you training for ? i am just feeding my pet lizard gila .	i am a professional runner . i would rather be exploring tho .	 that sounds interesting , what would you explore ?	underwater . i love the color blue so it made sense .	 i love purple , close to blue . do you have children ? i have one .	i am single . children are down the road for me .	 fair enough , i was an only child so i wanted a big family .	that is cool . so you are on your way then !	 yes . what color eyes do you have ? mine are brown .	my eyes are hazel green .	 sounds beautiful . i love nature , outdoors and plants .	i do as well . i would like to explore the wilderness as well .
 good evening . its nice to meet you .	good evening nice to meet you too . how are you ?	 i am doing great . i just got back from a good match of tennis .	tennis is fun to play . where are you from	 oh , i am from minnesota . how about you ?	i am in seattle washington i work for google	 cool . whats it like working there ?	its great and great money i engineer there software	 you must be super smart . i am not too great at computer stuff myself .	i try to be it just took a lot of studying . where do you work	 well right now i am trying to get my singing career off the ground .	that is great what kind of music do you sing ? do you have a band	 i sing mostly folk music . a couple of my friends in our band .	that is great i hope it works out for you . sorry i have to run	 thanks . it was nice talking with you .	was nice talking to you too
yummy , i love salmon skin sushi rolls !	i do not like salmon ! chicken is my favorite and rice	 ah , i don t eat chicken because i m a vegetarian , well plus sushi	oh yeah i got you , do you workout often ?	 only if i m shopping . i love going to brick and mortar stores .	what do you usually shop for ?	 anything ! love electronics , clothing . i have to buy books too for grad school	do you listen to music often ? i love metallica .	 i used to listen to them in college . i tend to like classic rock better .	a bit older but i respect it , i often read autobiographies when i am sleepy .	 that would put me to sleep . i watch tv . cable . have 400 stations !	what do you prefer to watch ? i dislike cable television .	 i try to watch business reports so i have something to say to my dad . sound educated .	what does your father do for a living ?	 he s a wealthy businessman . pays for everything for me . love it !	what a nice guy , maybe he can take us both a metallica concert !	 he s pretty conservative . he s more into country music .	i see , well maybe we can catch up sometime anyway ! have a nice night .
 hello how are you doing ?	just counting money from my paycheck working for the philadelphia eagles	 very interesting . i am frank i run a grocery store .	i am johnny and i am a playoff quarterback . its my 24th month with the league .	 that is great . do you love it ?	last season when i started no , but this season i do !	 what do you do for fun ?	collect seeds and forage for things . i am a naturalist	 very cool . so do you like to read ?	yes at this very moment i am reading a book on lafayette	 a reading football player naturalist . just collected leaves today .	i am a strange one i march to the beat of my own drum	 the only way to be my friend . i am with you !	i collected pine straw for mulch a couple days ago . it feels nice outside .
 hey there ! what are you up to ?	just listening to the beatles i love them , you ?	 that is cool ! i am getting ready to go for a run .	that sounds fun sorry if i am a little weird i am very shy	 me too ! my asthma is really embarrassing and makes me uncomfortable around others .	i understand i do not get along with my family so i am alone a lot .	 that is too bad . thankfully i have dance and old hockey friends , so i am not lonely .	i got vegetables to keep me company haha i love eating them	 do you like to garden ?	yes i love to garden i grow all my own fruits and veggies	 that is pretty cool . your garden is like my sports .	what do you play ? i do not care much for sports haha	 i currently dance . when i was younger i played hockey though .	oh , dancing is cool wish i knew how but then again i am to shy
 hi there ! how are you ?	i am just reading a book	 what book ? i hate reading	the notebook , a reread lol	 books get in the way of my video games	i guess . how many phones do you have	 one . do you have more than one ?	i have one plus one .	 that equals two my friend	yep , that is how many i have . i can call you on one of them	 that sounds fun ! we can listen to country music !	i mean . i guess if that is what you want to do	 or you could cover my shift at subway	that would work , i am hungry
 good day from dublin ireland !	i would love to go there . it is beautiful	 it is lovely . i moved back here to take care of my aging mother and father	you seem like a lovely person . i would love to ride my bike there	 my sister was unable due to my niece and nephew being young still	oh well maybe you can do some cloud gazing with them . it is so funn	 i am a 49 yr old man , i do non cloud gaze	it is great for any age . do you have any animals ?	 no animals , i am still working on finishing my degree in the arts	oh you should get one . i have a dog named allie	 my niece and nephew have a mini pig . it is a bit stinky however	haha that is cute . i want to dress up as a pig for halloween	 well , i like to eat pig . bacon is my favorite	no bacon for me but i love chocolate milkshakes	 chocolate gives me heartburn , i like vanilla	what else do you do for fun besides eating ?
 hello , how are you this fine hour ?	very good . it is sunny and that makes me happy .	 it is cold and rainy here , and that makes me happy !	great ! so we both have what we like .	 i guess so , lol , what do you do for a living ?	i work at a non profit organization that helps children .	 that is a good thing to do , i work at an office .	oh , do you enjoy it ?	 i do , but i tend to take forever on tasks , things need to be done correctly .	i see that you are very hard working . do you go out on weekends ?	 oh no , i can not take that time off . there is always so much to do .	how about holidays ? i go to the countryside to do horseback riding .	 no , i work privately . i should probably take a vacation .	i am going to have lunch soon . do you have favorite food ?	 i just had breakfast . a bite of bagel , i am so busy with work .	well , i gm going to have mac and cheese . you take it easy !
hi how are you today ?	i am fine , making a few youtube videos , i am a makeup specialist .	 cool ! what are your favorite colors ? mine are yellow and teal .	i love pink , pink everywhere ! ! ! my car too !	 i also do make up , as a mortician .	oh wow how is that going for you ?	 it is ok somewhat creepy at times lol	i can imagine , ever though about doing youtube videos about it ?	 i have not maybe i should !	its not a bad look , after 10 , 000 views you can get paid to make videos	 wow really ! i never knew that ! i may start then .	yes i do it to make a little cash on the side .	 good idea ! do you have any collections ? mine is stamps .	not really i stick to make up lol	 cool any favorite movies ? mine is dirty harry .	i like dirty harry too , clint is the man ! !
 hi . i am just preparing some fried fish for dinner . whats up ?	do you watch disney movies ? i love them , especially new beauty the beast	 i do occasionally . i try to avoid sad movies i got some bad news this week . . .	oh no , what happened this week ?	 my doctor said i only have 6 months left to live .	that is some messed up news . why is that ?	 turns out , i have a really severe lactose allergy . it has done incredible damage .	and an allergy is now a death sentence ?	 i suppose . i am sorry . . . i am terrible at normal conversation !	me 2 , i love reading instead of talking myself	 i like to cook keeps my mind off of things ,	i do not cook , get enough of that while waitressing , i play soccer	 ah , a busy person ! that is awesome though . soccer is fun to watch .	and its fun to play too
 hi there ! tell me about yourself	just graduated , now teaching kindergarten in ny to 26 angels . you ?	 ooh that is super awesome ! just eating some organic kale right now , only organic for me	i am with you i am a big nature nut , i love kayaking ! do you ?	 no , my hobby is collecting autographs i have over 2000 !	wow ! i need to get outside , my school is huge . any good autographs ?	 some really prolific comic book writers i collect those too	do you have a favorite comic ?	 spiderman , because i have 2 snakes and venom is kinda snake like	that is amazing what kind of snakes are they ? we have one in our class	 i have an anaconda and a python	we have a kenyan sand boa . its really cute . that is too cool !	 that is cool ! i hate all their shedding though i am allergic to dust	i hope you do not live in ny , too , there are a lot of pollutants here .
 hi how are you today	great and what about you ?	 pretty good are you married ?	no not yet . still dating	 be careful when you do get married	why ? though my 3 dogs and 2 cats are good company right now	 because i married 3x to the wrong people	oh so sorry . but i think chicago men are different . i live there	 do you like to do rugs ?	not really but my moms do . they love me and tell me whenever i call	 they tell you that they do drugs ?	no that they love me . but sure they do drugs . not my business	 well i am a cop they are going to jail	not my business either way
hey there , what is your occupation ?	i am a morgue tech , you ?	 a lawyer . i just finished my studies at nyu .	cool ! what bands do you like ?	 well i normally listen to kings of leon when i run every morning . you ?	i like dream theatre . not a runner , though . i would rather walk .	 walking can be fun too . i love walking around new york the sites are amazing .	i have not been to new york . i am in washington . better option for loners .	 i might have to go there . i am a loner now that my wife left .	ugh , i am sorry . do you have any hobbies ?	 i enjoy window shopping and finding new places around the city . how about you ?	i am big on reading . i have been reading stephen kings it . have you read that ?
 good evening , how was your day today ?	hello , it was great . just relaxed on my couch mostly , you ?	 same here ! big glass of scotch , my laptop , and a credit card always a good night .	agreed ! that sounds good . a little bit of junk food as well lol .	 hey a good night only ever takes one of a few things shopping , drinks , or a partner .	sounds about right ! what tv shows do you like ?	 i guess you could say home shopping , it has gotten me into trouble a time or two .	me too ! i used to watch them when i was little before i went to bed	 favorite was the magic bullet . had to write an extra book for that one .	that one does look good ! so you are a writer ? i am currently unemployed .	 children book writer actually . what did you used to do ?	that sounds very interesting . i worked in a beauty salon .	 oh hey my ex girlfriend did too but that did not end well for me .	oh boy , do i dare asking what happened ?	 i just do not think love is real . more in it for the raw physical thrill .	well i am sorry . it was for the better though if that was the case right ?
fellow there how are you ?	i am doing ok . how has your day been so far	 my day has gone well how is yours ?	good aside from my family issues . my sister disappeared years ago . found out she is in a cult	 cults suck , when was the last time you heard from her	about 5 years ago . also just found out my dad was part of the communist party .	 you sound like someone who enjoys deep sea diving , do you ?	ahahah yes i lovedeep sea diving ! ! ! ! !	 apparently i do too . i also do party planning cause that is a thing	yea party planning is the best job there is	 i do birthdays bachelor parties , only the best entertainment	that is the only way to go . you male or female ?	 i am genderless , cause that is a thing now to	haha oh ok . got it . well i plan barmitsfas and wick arrangements . good variety
i can not wait , winter is coming up .	hello to you ! do you have any dogs ? you love winter ?	 it is my favorite season , great for napping .	oh for sure . that is a fact !	 and between naps i can watch basketball .	sorry about this but . . . yuck . i am all about dogs !	 i am a cat person .	oh do you have an occupation ?	 i sing in a barbershop quartet .	seriously , what a wonderful life you have !	 i also rap when the mood suits me .	cool ! i take photos for a living ! any recordings of your work ?	 a few , a lot of videos on youtube	very neat . i have tattoos do you ?
 hello how are u tonight	hello , i am doing well thank you . how are you ?	 i am doing good just got home from work	what do you do for work ? i work from home .	 i am a computer technician but i really do not like it	i am sorry to hear that . what would you rather be doing ?	 i do not know exactly maybe something like lawyer	do you have any other hobbies ?	 just like to hang out with my dog we are like best friends	aww that is so sweet ! i spend a lot of time in the gym working out .	 working out is fun unless i saw a spider then i would freak out	spiders are scary ! are you in a relationship ? besides your dog	 its wierd hate spiders but i have a love for snakes and want a snake	i am currently planning my wedding to my high school sweetheart	 no i am single at the moment and that is great congrats	thank you ! i just hope my parents in kentucky can make it to the wedding
 ? today you are how . hello	i am doing great ! just happy to have a day off of work	 can i ask where you live ? i am in florida .	i am actually in texas	 oh cool , how hot is it there ? it is too hot here for me to even garden .	it actually just started getting cold . i ride a bike to work so that is no good	 oh no ! what do you do for work ?	i work at del taco . i research different types of french fries	 oh my ! that sounds delicious , i love to cook for people .	me too . i hope one day to create the perfect french fry	 french fries are delicious . i have a lizard who loves them .	haha that is a strange diet for a lizard !	 my mother feeds him bad food . she lives with me so it is hard to help	i would probably end up doing it too to be honest	 what do you do for fun ? i like to plant flowers .	that is interesting . i love riding my bike . i pedal it with my hands
 i have a new car and its nice to meet you . you sing ?	no . what kind of car ?	 honda , you drive ? if so what ?	i drive into atlanta sometimes to see my mom and best friend	 i see . what kind of car ? i got scholarship to florida state .	i drive a prius . i like to protect the earth	 cool ! i majoring in business . hope one day to get an mba . you sing ?	no . i spend most of my time in my garden .	 hmmm . some people sing in their garden . i will be 19 on tuesday .	that is great . did you just graduate high school ?	 oh , thought i had lost you . yes i did . i am an honor student . you dance ?	not really i am kind of an introvert	 oh okay . i glad you have a garden to be with . i paint .	my mom works with high school kids . where did you go to school ?	 harrison hs in champagne il . you know how to make a unicorn cry ?	no i do not . how ?
 hey hey good morning to you	good morning . how are you ?	 i am well trying to get good grades	cool . i help my son owen with his homework .	 do you like animals ? i love them	yes i am a dog lover .	 i want to be a vet i love dogs	that is a great profession .	 what kind of sports do you like ?	i love watching hockey . how about you ?	 i love that too ! an soccer !	too much running in soccer for me ! any hobbies other than sports ?	 just keeping my grades good that is all really .	well that is most important .	 yes it is , so what do you do ?	i have been in beauty pageants .
hi , how are you doing today ?	howdy ! i am doing swell ! just got back from fishing . you ?	 not bad long day at work , tons of meetings lol . are you on vacation ?	nope , i am happily retired ! my days are spent working out or fishing haha	 i live near a ton of lakes in upstate ny ! great fishing .	very cool ! i miss living in a big city like ny !	 where did you use to live ?	chicago , the windy city ! do you like living in ny ?	 its great . my husband and kids like the outdoors , but the city is pretty close .	cities have the best foods ! i love chicago pizza and burgers haha	 have you been to lots of cities ? i love to travel .	i have actually never been to the west coast . have you ?	 no ; i want to though ! do you get to travel much after retiring ?	to be honest , i do not move around much these days haha
hello , how are you doing tonight ?	i am fine , how are you ?	 not too bad . what kind of hobbies do you have ?	i am a general in a video game for a orcish army	 very neat . i am just your typical soccer mom . do you have kids ?	no , no kids . i am a 32 year old who still leaves at home	 nothing wrong with that ! what kind of things do you do ?	i play video games and watch netflix mainly	 i wish i had more time to do that .	there are never enough hours in the day	 i am a member of 4 book clubs , pta and other groups . . .	that is a lot of things to keep you busy	 one day i will ditch it all , fly to paris and design clothes all day	can i join you ? that sounds like a nice alternative .
 good morning , i am pete the truck driver here .	hi ! what have you been doing lately ?	 i camp on the weekends with my wife and two kids , what about you ?	camping sounds interesting . i like to kick a ball around and watch cinderella .	 neat ! i also enjoy playing baseball in the local rec league .	i have never played baseball . soccer is more my style .	 my kids play soccer . since i deliver baked goods , i miss some games though .	can you recommend any good books about baseball ? i am addicted to reading .	 the natural is a good one or babe which is about babe ruth .	thanks . i will have to add to my insatiable hunger of knowledge .	 yeah i hope you enjoy them !	have you traveled anywhere lately ?	 no , just some state parks for camping . what about you ?	just wherever my disney movies or books take me . i am trying to save money .
 hi how are you doing ?	very good , just went for a nice run .	 what do you do for a living ?	studying in college for phys ed , what do you do ?	 i am in to the photography business	very nice , any sports that you play ?	 the closest thing is arm wrestling lol	people though i should play basketball because of my height , i prefer weightlifting	 how tall are you ? i am 5 5	i am 6 7 , what is your favorite food ?	 i would have to say bagels	i personally like any eat or pasta , keep me away from veggies though	 what city are you from ?	san francisco , lots of nice hills to go running on	 i am in so cal inland empire	nice , do you do photography for people or nature ?
hello how are you tonight ?	i am so good . i hope you are too .	 i am good to , what did you have for dinner	i had grits , we are southern folk . where are you ?	 i am in chicago , i ate vegan food	i only eat fried food , and i am very overweight . how old are you	 i am 30 , and i have been working at apple for seven years	all my kids have ipads . they have no attention span .	 i think ipads are the best tablets ever , i read my ebooks there	i love books . love books . i am getting old too fast .	 what do you work at ? ?	i am an artist . i paint and write . can you draw ?	 no , i suck at drawing . country music is my music	i love country music , and rock , and electronic
hey there friend , what is new ?	well , i got hired for a new position ! that is pretty fun ! what about you ?	 that is great ! i wish i could get out of this warehouse job .	if only we could have a job doing what we like browsing the internet lol	 that would be a dream , huh ? it would distract me from my video games at least .	what type of games do you play ? xbox ? playstation ?	 i have an xbox but i prefer pc gaming .	my husband plays pub g a lot ! i listen to music mostly . country	 my son was playing games constantly until i grounded him . now he gets as .	i would say he does ! so tell me an interesting fact about you	 hmm , i saved a snapping turtle from a four lane highway .	oh an animal lover ? me too ! i am vegetarian !	 awesome ! i only eat meat a couple times a month .	that is great ! certainly more healthy that way !	 i agree ! i feel guilty when i eat it .	you must have watched netflix documentaries then lol
 hi how are you doing	hey , i ma doing great !	 do you like to go to the beach	yeah , me and my grandma go there all the time .	 that is nice do you like to read	only when my cat lets me . ahahah	 haha what is your cats name	mirna . do you have any pets ?	 no but i am thinking about getting one soon	you should ! i have 4 !	 wow i really want a dog	my ex husband was a dog person . me not so much .	 what do yo udo for a living	i collect antiques . mainly teapots to restore and sell .
hi , how are you ? what do you do for a living ?	not a joke but i sell oil . snakeskin oil . . it is a kitschy product .	 actually that is seems pretty interesting . i work in the hotel industry	i travel a ton and see many , many hotels .	 actually that is seems pretty interesting . i work in the hotel industry	my favorite hotels are the old ones like in psycho .	 unfortunately i do not get to travel but i want to . i loved that movie	great movie . every town i visit , i have to go to costco . weird , huh ?	 what are you buying there ? ll	not much . just like to watch . i don like interacting much , in person .	 oh okay . do you have any pets ?	no b c of allergies . my free time is spent looking at clouds and daydreaming .	 animals are my passion , i hope to adopt some	they are cut . i look at them in the distance and smile .	 it sucks having allergies . so what are you daydreaming about ?	finding a new job that is not a dead end . and ciscos .
 hello , how are you doing ?	i am doing well and you ?	 i am doing well . just been watching some anime .	awesome ! i hanging out with my 10 cats	 that is a lot of cats ! i have two dogs .	they sure are a handful ! all they eat is asparagus since i do not like it	 haha , that is a good way to get rid of the asparagus .	it sure is ! what do you do for work ?	 i am an artist . i love drawing my friends as characters from my little pony . you ?	interesting ! i work on my computer from home	 that would be nice . i would love to work from home .	it is nice . i ear enough money to buy blue jello , my favorite .
 good morning how are you today	good , in the state where i live i deliver baked goods	 that is nice , do you have coffee ? i love starbucks	weekends are spent camping , cool huh ?	 yes . i stay at home usually playing with my rose garden and my cat pickets .	driving a truck is what i do for a job	 pays the bills . my dad does that and he met my mom at woodstock	woodstock ! my children and my wife go camping with me	 it is a timeless place that no one will ever forget in my opinion	yes . by trade i drive trucks , yeah ! ! !	 did you go to college ? i was on the swim team	my mom drowned , in my state i deliver baked goods .	 i am so sorry to hear that . i will send you some roses from my garden	my weekends are spent camping
 hi ! how are you doing ?	hi ! i am doing well ! how are you doing ?	 i am great from going surfing earlier , i go any chance i get	i love going to the beach and watching the surfers in the sunset . so relaxing !	 sounds like a dream ! although my actual dreams can often get bizarre	mine do too . it helps writing about them and then deciphering their meaning	 i have dreamt that i was married . but i could never actually commit to one person	sounds like reality to me !	 in reality , the muggers is my favorite band . but in my dream , it was the muppets !	haha that is hilarious ! glad it was only a dream !	 right ? ? i do not know if i could listen to kermit miss piggy singing all the time	lol ! you should seriously write about this stuff . you seem like a creative soul !	 thanks ! maybe i will when i am taking a break from surfing	maybe i will see you at the beach one of these days . i will wave from the shore !
 hi how are you today	hi i am good how are you ?	 i am doing well . thanks just got off work	what do you do for work ?	 a factory making reptile tanks	i actually have two jobs both as a cashier .	 do you have any downtime ? i like seeing the ufc fights	sometimes . i like to see the red hot chili peppers . they are my favorite .	 their bass player is the best !	i agree ! i love that the weather is getting colder .	 i like the cooler weather so i can drive with my sunroof open	me too ! i love wearing dark clothes !	 my brother does too . do you like to travel	sometimes . but i find it hard to eat while traveling . i do not like gmo foods .	 that is understandable i go to many different places i love different zoos	animals are cool . what is your favorite zoo ?
hello . how are you doing ?	ocean view is breathtaking really	 do you live on the ocean	because i grew up near it	 did you move away from it	it is fun while cooking	 do you cook a lot of fish	yes , we didi kinda miss it	 did you and your husband live out there	baking and touring around the city	 do you guys own a bake shop	yes , but we stopped and moved	 why did you guys stop ?	my dogs are my new hobby
hello are you married ? i am but do not think for very much longer	marriage does not exist in my culture .	 i work for a very large beer company , i see that is probably for the best	do you have hobbies ? i like hunting since i do not like technology .	 we just had a little girl year and half ago , she really likes taylor swift	very nice . i make videos of my culture for the discovery channel .	 mostly sports in general , like hunting and fishing as well	outdoors is where i like to be . i hate working with the cameras though .	 that sounds interesting , do you travel alot for that job	i travel around the local tribes . mostly walking . sometimes jeep .	 there is always a negative when it comes work	like drinking too much beer ? ha ha ha .	 tribes ? where exactly are you at in the world ?	interior of australia . hot . dry . lots of dangerous things .	 yes beer is always good i can get an endless supply	nice perk . chatting is hard for me . i do not have computer skills .
 hello , how are you doing ?	hi there , i am doing great thanks . where are you from ?	 i am from socal , yourself ?	seattle . i have a houseboat here . i like socal weather though	 that is awesome . the ocean is incredible ! i totally believe that mermaids are out in the sea	lol definitely ! i just dyed my hair mermaid purple from free samples at my salon	 that is epic ! me and my four sisters would totally do the same thing ! !	oh yeah , i am a stylist here and i have lots of clients doing fantasy colors	 oh nice ! my mom went to beauty school too	oh awesome ! well you guys are all set ! are you married ?	 she still braids my hair and we chit chat because she is literally my best friend	awww , that is precious . i feel the same way about my mom	 that is such a great thing ! ! not married , single and trying to mingle haha . you ?	lol well i finally tied the knot last year . . thank god ! long wait	 i am craving some iced tea right now haha . even though its a bit chilly out	lol nice . . well it was great talking to you !
 hello how are u tonight	good , you ? what are you interest in ? i am obsessed with horse racing .	 i really do not have any hobbies besides dreaming	oh dreaming can be nice , as long as they are good dreams .	 yeah i have never been to the west coast so i dream of going	oh i hope you get to travel soon . i have not dated since high school	 i am single myself have not found the right one for me yet	nice to find someone with that in common . i want a horse stable	 i was on the local news once but it was not for illegal stuff	good to know , was it for something good ? haha	 yes helping the homeless at the shelter	so nice of you , that makes a real difference .	 yeah it felt good have u ever been to canada	no i have not , i always wanted to travel around there though .	 i have been to canada twice it is a great place to travel	i bet , my sister in law is from there .
hey there ! hows life for you ?	its good thanks for asking	 you are welcome ! got any hobbies ?	i love the outdoors , hiking	 both of those sound great	what do you do for a living ?	 i breath and eat food to stay alive	what city are you from ?	 the city with all the flooding	are you in tx right now ?	 yes i am . where are you ?	i am in cali , used to live in tx	 that is cool . what language do they speak in cali ?	mostly valley girl talk lol	 hmm . is it difficult to learn . i am so bad a foreign languages	do you have any pets ?
hello how are you today ?	i love to make food i am going to cook right now .	 oh that sounds fun i am just reading	i wish it was not raining i like fishing but not in the rain . you seen her ?	 i understand no reason to get sick lol my fav movie is pretty woman by ?	i have 3e small little dogs	 oh i love dogs what kind	i have terriers i love them . i am looking for her have you seen her ?	 i have terriers as well . who is it your looking for ?	i do not know what to cook yet so many choices	 oh i understand i am cooking chops	that crazy lady you know her ?	 which one are you talking about	the 1 that is around there i am trying to fish
 you like music ? i like to run to bruno mars i love him	i do like music ! i like country !	 i have dogs 1 name bella 2 named billy	i love dogs ! so crazy about me , i take four pills daily just to live .	 i have a car an its red	i detest driving ! ! ! i am almost 46 and have never driven	 whoa really ? i work at the bank as an accountant	that is good , i am a teacher .	 oh really ? that is cool where at ?	i teach at a middle school , 7th grade science .	 cool , i bet the kids that age are something else	yes they sure can be ! they keep me on my toes !
 hi , hope your day is better than my life .	yeah it probably is not though . i am just a truck driver . whats up ?	 just thinking about my lame childhood .	do you want to tell about it ? i am a good listener .	 just my dad left , and my step dad ignored me .	what about your mom , wheres she been ?	 working as a house keeper never around .	i like to go camping on the weekends with my two kids and wife , wanna join ?	 as long as you do not tell people my last name is not really italian .	sure , we can shoot some hoops , i will pretend to be the dad you never had .	 how old are your kids ,	they are twins , 12 years old .	 i am 16 does that matter ?	you will fit right in , son . meet us in the mountains this weekend	 ok , thank you , talk to you then .	and bring as many friends as you like	 ha , i do not really have friends , but i appreciate that you would allow that .	if we can get enough people we can have a full court basketball game	 you are a good person . thanks for everything .	youre welcome , anytime little buddy
 hello , how are you doing today ?	i am good especially because my cat is cuddling with me ! you ?	 i wish i had a cat . i only have children haha .	cool , its my first year in college and i am pretty athletic .	 what kind of sports do you play ?	i swim , i am good at it because my bones have never broke !	 i have never broken a bone either . ever thought about going to mars ?	yes , do you plan on going ?	 i would love to go some day !	i love pizza , do you think there is any there ?	 if americans are the first to colonize mars then yes there will be pizza .	i hope cats are there , they are my favorite .	 what is your cats name ?	milky and stone , i have two . do you have a pet ?	 no pets . do you know anything about karate ?	yes , i am a white belt . i received in this year at school .
i live on an american cattle farm	oh , cool . i load beer onto trucks . we are both working class people !	 my age is two less than 23	so i guess you can drink the beer my company makes ?	 i lead cheers for a football team	are you married ? i have a husband .	 i like to be in the countryside	my toddler is fascinated by nature too .	 i like to do camping	my husband and i would rather sing along to taylor swift .	 i habit a american farm for cattle	i work , but my husband stays home to look after our kid .	 next year i will be 22 years old	i thought you said you were 21 ?
 hello ! how are you today ?	yo i am living to the fullest with video games how are you ?	 i am great . what video games ?	tetris only . and country music . what do you like to do ?	 i like to prepare for christmas year round	i prefer halloween it is more fun in college	 halloween is not as good as christmas joy	halloween has more costumes and booze	 i am employed at a local party store and we are getting those shipments	excellent glad to know it is coming along	 we are gonna get super busy	super fun will there be bonuses ?	 no it is only hourly	oh too bad . you should get a bonus	 i wish ! come talk to my boss for me	we should start a revolutionary workers party
 hi how are you today	just hanging out in between med school classes , how are you ?	 med school i am a sophomore in high school but love science too	are you doing anything volunteer work for experience ?	 not yet i am thinking about volunteering at the hospital . i just got braces so not comfortable	you should try it . i volunteer at a shelter with dogs .	 i like dogs i have one named maddie	i bet she is cute . animals really like me .	 we have four dogs in total but one maddie likes me more than the other ones	i still have 20 minutes until my class . i am always so early !	 that is a good thing being late could get you in trouble	that is true ! i am sure you do not get in trouble much .
 hi how are you today ?	i am very well . . . how are you doing ?	 not too bad just sitting at the law office i am on my lunch break	nice . . . i am a vet so i hardly ever get lunch	 oh that is cool but not cool about the lunch . do you like photography ?	i do . . i just took pictures of my nephews on the weekend	 nice i usually take them of the mountains nearby my home	i bet that is beautiful i love visiting my parents farm for pictures	 do they have any animals ? i grew up on a farm	yes i think that is why i became a vet	 that would make sense lol do you watch much tv ? we do not get reception here	yes i have family in the army so i am always watching	 that is gotta be scary the world is in a dark place	yes but my brother would give his life to protect our country	 that is very noble i am a simple lawyer here in colorado	still important we need lawyers and vets to make this all work
 hi . what do you do for a living .	i work at a beautiful upscale restaurant , you ?	 i am not employed at the moment . outdoor man , hike a lot , enjoy nature .	i am hiring , i hate my boss though .	 tempting . i am a guys guy . would not fit in .	yes you would , trust me . who is the rasta guy with dreads people love ?	 no idea . i only binge watch netflix . got a favorite show ?	not realy i just do a lot with my family i am babysitting this week .	 my mother and i are close , father not so much .	why not ? i want to party soon when i party i party !	 not being employed has him going crazy . no family of my own so no worries .	oh i gotcha , we help each other in mine it is a must .	 that is really nice . i want that some day .	yea that is how we were taught to be	 so do you have any pets ?	is your dad crazy really or just frustrated ?
 hello how are you doing	hi i am good and you ?	 i am swell . who is your favorite band ?	ink really tell me about yours	 mine is korn . i am a metalhead .	what color is your hair ?	 its brown but i want to dye it purple .	cool mine is bright pink	 that is crazy ! do you like any sports ?	i do not really do you	 i am quite the avid swimmer . i have my own pool .	cool do you swim in the rain
 want to talk before i run while listening to pink floyd ?	yeah sure , i am just in the middle of feeding my pets .	 oh . i love pets . maybe my second job should be with animals .	i would like to be a vet one day .	 well first i need to have my own restaurant . i am a grill cook right now . t .	oh very nice ! do you make healthy foods ? i just started a new diet .	 i grill chicken , that is why listening to that good pink floyd .	i listen to them at the gym every night too ! i love it .	 you like the gym . i like running so that is neat .	yep and we both like animals as well . i like helping them .	 yes my dog algae runs with me every day .	what a great name , i hope he is green .	 haha . he does have a green collar though .	my dogs are glen , franklin , and clyde .	 its just algae , me , and carrot cat .	i have a friend with a cat named patty mayonnaise .
 how are you doing today ?	very good , how are you ?	 i am doing alright , a bit stressed but alright .	why ? i teach yoga , maybe that can help .	 oh i cannot stand messes , but my wife is always bring home clutter .	that sucks , i m single , so no problem there	 lucky you . it makes so much dust it messes up my allergies .	go for a walk , i love nature	 yeah but then i have to scrub my skin so hard i go almost red .	where do your parents work ?	 they are both retired now .	my mother likes kids , she used to be a teacher
 hi how are you today	hello i am wonderful and you ?	 pretty good do you like music	i do but i love camping more	 oh do you go to church	i do but i also play football	 i am part of the choir	so i am guessing you can sing	 yeah or i pretend to	do you sing 4 times a week	 if i am not reading my bible yes	you sound like an awesome person	 what do you do for work	i drive an 18 wheeler most days and you	 i teach grades 6 8 you see	i do not think i could be a teacher or sing
 hi how are you doing ?	i am great , how are you ?	 i am good thanks for asking	have you ever programmed before ?	 no i have not . u ?	yeah . . i think i do it because i have to .	 why do you have to ?	i feel like i do not have a choice .	 is it becasue its signed to you lol	do you wear cardigans ? i do !	 yes i love to wear cardigans	yeah , it makes me feel more cultured . how about you ?	 it makes me feel more warm lol	what do you do for work ?
 hi how are you doing ?	i am well just took some cookies out of the oven	 what do you do for a living ?	i own a bakery . . . we specialize in weddings and bridal sweeties	 what city are you from ?	the city that never sleeps . . . big apple . . . . me and my dobbie	 how do you like it there ?	love it . . . especially taking long walks in the park	 do you have any hobbies ?	walking my dog , going to the park and taking in a show at the theater	 what kind of music do you like ?	soft rock , jazz , classical and little country	 i like rap and r b . . . pop	what do you do for a living
hello , how are you ?	hi , i like short work days .	 i do to , but i piddle a lot so my days go slow .	what do you do for work ?	 i do all kinds of things . jack of all trade !	i wish i had a truck , do you like trucks ?	 i do like trucks . what do you do for a living ?	healthcare at the old hospital	 that sounds fun , i like to be alone most of the time .	that is cool , i am also anti social .	 i hate to disappoint my family by staying in all the time .	you do sound like a real disappointment .	 wow , sorry you feel that way !	i am just playing i am sure you are a nice person .	 so what do you do in your free time ?	all i do is work , i need a vacation .
 hello , how are you doing today ?	i am good ! how are you ?	 doing well ! i just finished practice for football . do you like sports ?	yes i do . i am a huge steelers fan	 oh no ! i play for the ravens . i am a linebacker for them	you play professional football ? that is awesome	 yeah , i really enjoy it . what do you do for a career ?	i went to college for psychology !	 ah , that is an area of interest to me , but was never very good at it .	what do you do for a career ? do you work in an area you enjoy ?	 i play professional football . i had a good season last year with 128 tackles	i love traveling , maybe i can come to a game sometime
hello how are you tonight ?	enjoying some good pizza and checking out the new concept cars .	 cool i enjoyed some fine dining earlier	did they have pizza ? i could go for more after this one .	 i am not sure if it was on the menu i had lasagna	lasagna is good too . did you know the renaissance fair is coming to town ?	 i did not know that are you going to it ?	i will be there all week . sewing a different costume for each day .	 i would fit right in with my big beard and viking outfit	not too common believe it or not . i am doing a crushed velvet gown for the gala .	 oh i might have to check that out	can you get that cat away from me ? makes me nervous .	 yes i could do that	thank you , i do not like cats . or dogs . birds . any animal for that matter .	 oh are you scared of them ?	not scared . they just creep me out . i prefer purring to come from cars .
 hello there , how are you ?	hello , i am ok i just got home from work	 oh really ? what do you do , if i may ask ?	i am just a bank teller how about you ?	 i am a stay at home mother of two kids . that alone is a job .	i only have 1 2 that job i only have 1 son	 what is his name , if i may ask ?	his name is pavin dads pick	 good name . how long have you two been married ?	8 years now . how old are your kids ?	 10 and 13 . amazing they grow up so quickly . one already thinks herself an adult .	mine is still at the age he just likes to play on my iphone all day	 well that is not so bad . as long as he does not make any accidental calls .	he is to good sometimes just geting him to go hiking with me
 hello there . my dog wonton says hello too .	hello how are you doing ? my cat felix and dog emmy say hello too	 hello felix and emmy . i miss home so much , japan .	oh i love japan . i am in a small city wish i could travel .	 i am a japanese teacher and i teach drawing on the side as well	i am a chef i love being behind the stove	 that is great . although i wish i had someone to cook for . being 35 gets lonely	i know the feeling my children moved out recently .	 good for them . its so hard to communicate in the us . i have a thick accent	oh i think you would do just fine . are you into gardening ? i love planting new things .	 i am actually . i wish i have a garden in the back . although summer is almost over	nice , some plants live through the winter .	 i know . but the thought of sitting in a garden is pure serenity	yes its so peaceful my pets love it too
 hi how are you tonight ?	i am good , and how about you ?	 i am doing great ! just got off work at the zoo .	cool ! any cheetahs there ? running with them would be good exercise ! ll	 yep lots of cheetahs ! my favorite is the panda .	www they are so cute ! i like running ever since highschool when i took 6th place .	 awesome i do too ! i eat 6 eggs for breakfast for running energy	good choice ! i usually only am a meat eater .	 oh man i am the opposite veggies for me	got ya ! do you have any hobbies ? i like whittling	 i do i like to read some crime novels	that sounds interesting i love the crime shows on tv .
 hello how is it going	hello , i am well thank you . just got back from the gym .	 do you have some asperger i know i do	no , i do not . i am a weightlifter , like my mother .	 i have a really great memory	very nice , i only date rich guys .	 although i am genuine i hate small talk	what do you look like ? i am a brown eyed blonde	 i take any and everything like so literally	does that make you socially awkward ?	 i am about to start a new job its helping me learn about socialization	you should check out some podcasts , they help .	 i am so awesome on all levels	of course you are . do you like to surf ?	 i look at myself in the mirror to make sure that i still look good	do you have issues with your attention span ?
 fellow how are you today ? i am going to work ,	hi i am doing okay how are you	 i am very well . thanks . i have to work 9 to 5 today .	that is cool where do you work	 i am and accountant by day .	that sounds interesting i am in a band and tour the country	 really ? that is way cool ! do you you perform in the big city ? that is where i live .	yeah i play the drums its an indie band we play every city almost	 have you gone to other countries too ? i just got back from sumer vacation in italy .	no i wish what do you do in your spare time	 i enjoy going to yoga classes . work off all those carbs from my favorite italian meals , ll .	you must me flexible i have a garden i tend to when i am home
 hey , how is it going ? what are some of your favorite things ?	hey there how are you today ? like cops ?	 i do like cops ! i also enjoy the opera ! ever been to one ?	how tall are you ? i bet much shorter then me	 maybe ! i am pretty tall though ! i am 6 feet !	how much taller you think you are huh ?	 5 inches ? what is your favorite car or truck ? i drive my favorite ! want to guess ?	i am 6 feet 10 an i love red	 i drive a 1980 bentley corniche . do you have a favorite vacation spot ?	like water ? i like to ski on it	 i love water ! i have been to paris a few times , absolutely beautiful , i love it !	lets go in my free time i like your car too	 sure , sounds like a plan , you can be my date	i like to volunteer also
 i love animals so much i became a veterinarian	nice . i like to take my kids and we go hunting together .	 i got married in america but i am from spain	where in america do you live now ?	 yes i do we have 5 beautiful children	me too . i have 3 girls and 2 boys . how about you ?	 i am also a vegetarian but i love hip hop !	i like all music and love to sing and sometimes i like to rap too .	 i have 4 boys an 1 daughter an 3 dogs . whose your favorite rapper ?	probably biggie or nas . how about you ?	 it was nice to chat with someone like me ha	do you like sports ? i love to play basketball with my friends	 if i had to pick between the 2 it would biggie ! get money !	yes biggie is the best !
 hello . tell me a little about yourself . i teach english in a secondary school .	hi ! that sounds rewarding . i hate heights and am musically talented with my arm pits	 one of my three children also makes songs with his arm pits .	haha , we have something in common . do you have twins ? there are some in my family	 no twins . i went to college with twins . i graduated with a degree in secondary english education .	that sounds interesting . i just want to graduate high school .	 you can do it . what do you do for fun ? i like gardening .	i like to skate board and hang out with my friends . what is in your garden ?	 i grow medicinal herbs out here in the suburbs of denver , co .	oh , i have heard those help a lot of illnesses . is it successful ?	 it is a nice side business that is taking me to new heights .	lol , no pun intended i am sure .	 i am an english teacher . of course it was intended !	oh yes ! i should have realised ! ! ! i need to come visit for medical purposes !	 where do you live and when will you finish high school ?	i am in texas , and graduate in may !
 can i tell you a secret ?	yes you can i love secrets .	 my parents were born in a castle in transylvania . they could be v . . . .	that is creepy ! i do not have any family secrets	 vegetarians but i love to make lamb chops so . . .	i drink tons of caffeine , and have a unhealthy diet .	 i am sorry you can fix that a little bit at a time	nah ! i am still skinny and have tons of energy .	 when i first got married that is exactly how i was	could you run long distances at a very fast rate ?	 o no italians are bikers and i am italian by choice	oh i can not even ride a bike just like running	 really ? in italy they teach you to ride before you can walk	my dad tried . i fell off and was scared to try again .	 i give you permission to try again ! bellissimo ! you can !	no way i would rather drive my cheap little car .
 hello , how are you today ?	i am great watching a hockey game . what are you doing ?	 i am just about to leave class . i am tired .	what school are you attending ?	 not school . i teach aerobics and yoga classes .	i love yoga ! do you teach bikram ? vinyasa ?	 no i do not . i do ride horses . do you ?	i love horses . i would like to purchase an arabian when i am a millionaire .	 yes a great choice . i have to feed my dogs to .	how many dogs do you have ?	 2 chihuahuas . shelby and esquire	i love dogs too . do you take them to the groomers or do it yourself ?	 i take them to the groomers . they love to go to the beach with me .	i love the beach , do you live near one ?	 no but i go to panama beach when i do . i gather seashells .	panama beach , is that in florida ?
 hello how are you today	i am good ! how are you today ?	 i am doing great now was a little stressed earlier	what were you stressed about ?	 just things i have to get around the house	i can relate . my parents live with me so i take care of them	 must be a busy task , do you find time for yourself ?	i find moments here and there . i am also working on a business degree	 cool thinking of starting your own someday	i would like to open a bakery . i love baking , especially cakes .	 i love fresh baked cookies and pies	you and i would get along well . i enjoy baking for my niece and nephew	 yes we would until i eat all the cookies . . lol	i would make more ! what do you do for work ?	 i work children that is to say kindergarten teacher	very cool ! you must be very patient
hey man , how are things ?	great man i just finished swimming	 i just ate a bunch of pizza .	ha ! i am allergic to dairy so my exciting item is an apple	 at least you can find excitement in something	well it is exciting after swimming in a cold pool	 what ever floats your boat i guess	just waiting for winter . i love winter sports and fall is inbetween	 fall is the best . not too hot , not too cold .	yeah but i love winter sports and after labor day it is the wait	 for sure . what sports are your favorite ?	for winter , skiing and snowboarding , but i swim year round	 i only like to swim in the summer .	i swim at 530 am 6 days a week in hot or cold weather
 hi how are you today ?	i am doing pretty well . just got off work . you ?	 pretty good do you have pets ?	i am an army ranger and spend most of my time deployed .	 oh well do you have pets ?	no sorry . i thought i had typed that . p	 its alright . i need new clients	clients ? what do you do ?	 i watch pets for people haha that is why i asked	oh . very nice . if my wife or 2 kids get one i will let you know .	 i appreciate it . is your mom alive ?	yeah . she is still kicking .	 i am glad . what does you dad do ?	i do not talk to him much . last i checked he was still a bum .
hi how are you doing	amazing ! you ? just finished my morning training session with my horses .	 i love horses . what other hobbies do you have ?	my career basically , i love it ! my parents hate it , but oh well . . .	 what job do you have	i train horses , they think i am going broke because of it , and do not want me to suffer .	 oh wow i like to play the guitar a less expensive hobby lol	i do not have the hand eye coordination for that lol ! i messed up the strings !	 that is funny what music do you like to listen to	country , makes think of where i wish i belonged .	 i like the rolling stones	that is my dads favorite ! he would turn it up loud every morning .	 haha yeah i wish i could see them live	yeah , they are the reason i cannot ever sleep in anymore haha	 haha that is so funny what job do you have	training horses lol . remember ? you ?
hi ! how are you doing today ?	hello ! i am good , just got back from lake . i love the water .	 nice ! wish i could go anywhere ! i have been confined to a bed	oh no why are u confined ?	 accident . so i just stay in bed . good thing i work from home ! . you ?	saving for college . my parents kicked me out at 14 , so its been rough .	 do you live by yourself ?	with my aunt . what movies do you like . i prefer cartoons lol	 what did you do to get kicked out ? props to you for planning for college , btw !	sadly my parents were drunks and we did not see eye to eye , and thank you	 comedies ! i like when my dog and cat come to bed with me to watch movies	cuddle time with the animals ! do you have hobbies ?	 ca not do much from the bed , but computer games are great way to pass the time	www true and sorry to hear your confined .
 hello . what is your favorite season ?	summer time , because i like to go on wine tours .	 i like summer too . even though its really hot and i hate wearing dresses . . .	do you have a family ?	 no , i was adopted and do not have children myself . do you have kids ?	yes , i have 2 sons and a husband . he is two decades older than me .	 as a kid i saw the superhero flash . love him .	i like visiting museums and went to a super heroes museum .	 once i went to a zoo and they had a butterfly park . gorgeous .	i wish i can paint that . i like painting .	 sorry if i am taking long ; i type one handed .	that seems very weird and difficult .	 yes , i am an extremely weird person .	do you wanna be weird together ? i can paint you .
hey how are you today ?	hey i am ok . i am just extremely tired right nw	 oh why are you so tired ?	just been working a lot . been with the company for 7 years now and i am burnt out	 that is a shame , what do you do ?	financial advisor . i just sit at my desk and listen to my country station	 oh that is not so bad . i work as an accountant , freelance mostly .	that sounds way better lol i enjoy reading as well	 do you like to travel ?	i love to travel . but i do not do enough of it unfortunately	 that stinks . i goes to fl once a week for a week .	that is awesome . and confusing lol fl once a week for a week ? so you are there everyday . . . . haha	 ahahah sorry my ocd was flaring up . i mean once a year .	oh ok ahahah . no worries . whats your favorite food ?	 fish and chips , what about you ?	i loooove me a good kale salad . i am vegan so
good evening , how are you ?	i am good hope you are well .	 i am . getting ready to settle in for the night , i am an otr trucker .	i am looking for another job . i do not like my boss .	 traveling is my first love , this is a perfect way for me to see the country .	i love to travel wish i had more money	 i dye my short hair pink , so i do not have to waste money in the salon .	my family takes turns helping each other out	 that is very nice . i do not have any close family . you are very lucky .	what kind of music do you like ?	 i love rap . tupac rules . how about you ?	i was so in love with him when i was younger geez	 i was too . still am if i were honest with myself , lol	i love a man with abs and that is laid back like bob marley
 hey there how are you ? it is breast cancer awareness month , my wife is a survivor	that is awesome glad to hear i am a doctor	 how are you ? i professionally train animals .	well i ove animals but i love meat !	 lol me too , i have trained like 20 different ones	that is cool my father actually owns his own butcher shop	 i work in the zoo obviously , my baby girl just graduated top of her class .	that is cool , i just finished my doctor education but work part time for local newspaper	 i also work with my fighter she loves animals also .	what do you mean fighter ?	 she is from breast cancer	awww that is cute , i am glad she is okay i hate cancer !	 i do to my mom died from it at 29 .	my grandmother just died from lung cancer , sucks	 it really does but i truly believe it is in the food .	so true so many chemicals nowadays
 hey !	hello there	 how are you ? my name is sarah , whats yours ?	busy busy ! my name is becca	 nice to meet you becca , i have a student with that same name	that is wild ! a girl named sarah introduced me to veganism at work last year , changed my life .	 wow ! that is crazy	what do you teach ?	 i have been reading books about veganism , i have been thinking of making the change to it , myself	the urban farm i volunteer at encourages me to try new things , so that helps .	 i teach 5th grade math	that sounds rewarding . i have always enjoyed math .
hello , how are you doing today ?	doing real well , real well . what are you up to ?	 i am watching my favorite movie right now	whats your favorite movie called ?	 its called the last of the mohicans .	cool . i wish i had more time to watch movies ! do you work ?	 i work at a diner as a cook	that is fun . i am a musician in a band so that keeps me busy .	 what kind of music does your band play ?	folk . my best friend is in the band with me . you like music ?	 i love music , especially gospel music	have you ever taken any lessons ?	 no , i cannot play any instruments . what do you play ?	i have had lessons since i was 5 . i play the ukulele .	 that is cool ! i wish i could play the ukulele	what do you do for fun ?
 hi there , how are you ?	i am fine today . i just walked to work here in pittsburgh . how are you ?	 you sound healthy . i am actually a registered nurse myself .	that is wonderful . yes i am into sports . i play soccer . how about you ?	 well , i am not much into sports , more of the reading type and a good movie	what have you read lately ? my most recent is waking the spirit . it is fab !	 a book on veganism . i turned vegan recently	i see . do you like coffee . many vegans do , but i do not	 i read it was not healthy . sometimes i sneak one in when i watch pretty woman though	pretty woman is the favorite move of my husband . where do you live ?	 i live in utah . how about you ?	in pittsburgh . i am a finance officer for a corporation here . my brother lives in utah	 i wonder if he is close by . i remember you telling you lived in pittsburgh already . sorry !	he lives near a huge canyon . he always sends such beautiful pics	 utah is really beautiful you should let me know when you visit	i take care of a sick husband here when i am not at work . no trips	 i sorry to hear that . what else do you do ?	i sing at church and pray . how about you ?	 i work a lot , so i do not get to do much else	i see . we rent a little place here , and we are happy . . . hope you are too . good day !
 hi how are you today	good how are you doing ?	 i am good do you work	i do work . i act and do comedy . you ?	 i do computer programming all the time	okay that is cool like it ?	 not really but it pays well	what would you rather do ?	 probably something with charity yeah	so giving . ok . where are you from ?	 i am from the usa i made facebook	what ? the facebook guy . ok . tom ? is that the guy ?	 no i was one of the coding people	that is cool . so do you watch series ?	 yeah do you like pizza	yes i do . what is your favorite series ?
 hey ! what do you like to do for fun ?	hello ! ! i enjoy playing alot of sports in my free time .	 whats your favorite sport to play ?	i enjoy playing football with my friends when i have free time .	 do you like to take walks ?	no , i have been in too many relationships that turned out poorly and walking was always included	 that is too bad , do you like to do things at a lake ? like swimming ?	yes ! me and my friends go to the lake and converse all day long	 going to the lake is my favorite thing ! do you listen to music there ?	yes , but i cannot remember what i listen to i get distracted very easily .	 you should try knitting , it helps you learn how to concentrate .	thank you , my distractions have made me not take school as serious as i would like .
 hello there , how are you doing ?	i am good . tired from snorkeling and running around with my komodo lizards .	 wow , you have been busy . do you travel much to different places to snorkel ?	yes , but only to private islands . . . and only to islands where i can eat fresh mangoes .	 oh , i was going to suggest australia . it has lovely reefs .	i will add that to my ipad notes .	 i love traveling myself . seen any great places lately ?	i was in ecuador last month . surprisingly , gary human was live on a beach .	 that is a surprise ! you like human then ?	me . . . . only occasionally . . . . when the mood strikes .	 one one real hit here in the united states . i prefer irish music myself .	i have not listened to irish music . does ireland have good snorkeling ?	 well , the water can be pretty cold . i would suggest a wet suit !	ok . . i will note that in my ipad as well !
 hey i am so happy today	jeez , same here , got some great news today	 what is your news ? i want to know	it might not seem great to you , but my new tennis racket will arrive a day early	 that is some great news . i am happy because i earned a bonus at work	what is your work ? how big of a bonus if you do not mind me asking	 it was for 40 , 000 . i work in it	dang , that is a huge bonus , the firm i work at never does anything that big	 maybe you should come and work with me	i would if i could , degree in accounting , not it unfortunately	 i need an accountant though	you train me in it and i will help you with your finances ?	 yes , that sounds great .	alright , we have a deal
 how are you ? i love the color blue !	i am doing good looking for things i can do online and make money	 maybe you could sell stamps . i collect them !	how does that work ? does it make good money ?	 yes it can ! do you have other hobbies ?	i love to watch the television a lot . what should i goggle selling stamps ?	 yes ! i like to go see concerts on the weekend !	what is your favorite food ? i like veggies	 pizza ! i also like to go daily to the ymca to swim ! good exercise !	i love mashed potatoes they are so good	 oh i love those too ! they are so good ! do you like to cook ?	yes i love to explore and find new things to create	 i am making spaghetti for dinner right now ! yum !	nice what do eat it with ? i eat it with rice and salad	 salad and garlic bread i think !	i know rice is a weird combo but it taste good
 hello ! care to chat with a small time photographer and a dog owner ?	hello ! sure , do you like photographing the outdoors ?	 yes , or my four dogs sometimes . they are with me most of the time anyways .	i love being outdoors . camping is a lot of fun .	 nice ! i have not been camping in years . my friends and i need to do that .	i suggest it . it was hard to do growing up in london because of the rain .	 oh nice ! must be a totally different experience that i had growing up .	where did you grow up ?	 in tennessee . i grew up around a lot of bikers . no wonder i love tattoos !	my parents were not fond of tattoos . i guess i could get some now that they are gone .	 sorry for your loss . i have a whole sleeve tattoo .	what kind of tattoos are they ?
 hi , how are you doing ?	pretty good and alive how are you	 about the same . so what do you do ?	i am a deployed army ranger how about you ?	 oh that is pretty cool ! i work for discovery channel	that sounds really cool any perks of the job ?	 yea i get to be outside all the time and not in an office	i hear you i think sometimes that is the only way i know how to live	 i am with you . how is being an army ranger ?	i like it i am just used to the army living	 yea do you travel a lot ?	i used to not too much now how about you ?	 oh ok . i travel some depending on where i am going to be doing videos for work	i have two kids and a wife back in the states do you have a family ?
 hi how are you today ?	hi i am great and you ?	 i am good why do you use caps lock ?	sorry ! it was a mistake	 oh that is okay life is mistakes	life is a mistake is a big statement new friend . why life is a mistake ?	 because i owe way too much in credit cards	oh now i understand ! hopefully you pay them off .	 yeah maybe i will keep spending instead	you are very funny , you know .	 i appreciate that thank you	well , you are welcome ! i like talking to funny people .	 that is nice what is your favorite color ?	i would not say i have a favorite color because it depends , i will say purple .	 mine is also purple , like prince	oh wow ! great . we have a good chemistry here .
 how are you doing today	hi i am doing ok my braces hurt . how are you	 when did you get braces	i just got them i just turned 15 so it was the right time	 do you like art at all	i do but i love science that is my main focus	 i like science as well	i want to go to florida state and get a degree in biology	 what will you do after that	i might go to vet school i love animals even have 3 dogs maddie is mine	 you seem to like animals a lot	yeah i do . do you have any pets	 no . i have a cockroach that lives under my sink .	have you tried anything to get rid of him
 hi ! how are you today ?	hey . i am doing well . how about yourself ?	 i am great , thanks ! do you have any pets ? i have one cat ! her name is speckles .	i do not have any pets . do you work ?	 yes , in an office ! and you ?	i am very wealthy . i live on a private island and go diving alot	 oh , cool ! do you have any hobbies ? i like to knit	just the snorkeling really . i climb trees and eat mangos . i live in paradise	 that is pretty cool . do you have any tattoos ? i have two myself .	are they of a rose and thorns ? just curious	 actually , yes , one of them is .	are they on your feet ? do you wear jewelry ?	 yes , they are . i love jewelry ! i go shopping often for it .	is it silver ? that is my favorite
 hi how are you tonight	very good and you ? i am just enjoying a big bag candy	 i love candy then i have to run to burn it off	i have a real sweat tooth . like to make treats for the kids i babysit	 i have trophies from running track	do you run competitively now ?	 no not anymore i got too old and slow	no running for me , i take my old mercedes when i want to get somewhere	 at least you are going in style in that case	yes my grandfather had 3 cars so my 2 sisters and i got each got one	 that is very nice of him	i was in the middle and i got to spend a lot of time with him .	 that is great at least you did that	yes he loved my chocolate chip cookies too . i have his sweet tooth
 my name is jack , hiking and mountain biking keeps me active	myrtle here . i work for ups , i am engaged and transgendered . hi ! jack the hiker biker .	 vermont is where i live and is a great place to hike too .	cool ! i have a sweet tooth , own 4 felines and just bought a new honda .	 what is your original gender ? there are 12 national parks i visited	not sure . you ever been to yellowstone ? you like hershey ? i do . you married ?	 i am talking about usa national parks , which model of honda .	accord . i am a comedienne , tall and used to be a model . you work ?	 i am afraid to go to yellowstone , i love hershey .	wow ! ups has sent packages to yellowstone . you like sweet tarts ?	 i do work , what is comedienne ?	comic performer . what do you call a camel with three humps ? my accord is blue .	 i cannot eat too much sweets , but i love sweet tarts .	okay . well just try to eat a few turtles occasionally . my cats name is grayce .
hi there , how are you ?	i am good hope you are well	 i am . i have just been sat here drawing . i love to draw	i just came from outside . i was riding my scooter .	 i used to ride scooters with my four siblings !	i have many friends but few siblings	 its weird when raised in a big family home , now living in an apartment	everyone in my family has red hair .	 my mother had red hair . all of her students call her mrs ginger	what is your favorite color ?	 i love pink and green , especially when i draw .	i like to draw too . i use a lot of purple .	 my mother taught me to draw she is a great teacher .	i learned to draw after my dog passed .	 oh i am sorry to hear that !	he was a very good friend the best ever .
 good morning ! my name is lance	hi lance , i am lucia . i was a christmas baby , lol	 ah perfect ! how are you ? i just had a fun chat with erika	i am really stressed . my rent just went up .	 ugh i am sorry , you should relax with some rolling stones and a soda like me !	i have been baking lots of pecan pie , lol . everyone loves it but . . . you know	 omg i love pie ! i wish i ate healthier for my 3 kids	wow , 3 ? i wanted kids but ended up at law school instead	 well you can do it later what do you do for fun ?	baking , really . what about you ?	 lol its naughty so i will not say , but i do like food and music !	fair . well my pie is the best . everyone says so .	 ugh now i need to try it !	for sure . what do you do for a living ?	 i am a matchmaker what about you ?	law . can you find me a pie loving match ?
 well lookie lookie here at you	how did you know i am the president ? haha	 well hello . youre fired . he he he	ha ha haa . you know i once owned a few casinos	 i was once tom petty	rip to my man tom petty	 your man your man . rip	where you live ? i am rich i will fly you out	 yay ! i hate fl , i wanna live in tn .	shoot i live in ny . i will fly you out tonight . you will never wanna go back haha	 please buy my family a house . that is all we need	yea i also went bankrupt . . so yea . . no	 aw , no help for me	want some help ? get a job . . save some money	 i cant walk or talk or breathe	oh . . so youre a rock or something ?
 hi how are you today	good . . . how are you doing tonight ?	 i am good do you work	yes . . . but i really love drawing . . . do you work ?	 i drive my big truck around	that sounds like a lot of fun what color is your truck ?	 it is white it is a big rig	white is nice but i love blue . . . . so a semi truck ?	 yeah i talk to people while driving	oh i have a cb radio in my apartment	 do you talk or just listen	i really like to talk . . . i have 4 brothers they also have cb radios	 do you all talk though	not to each other but yes we are more talkers	 wow that sounds so nice	yes it is a lot of fun . . . what else do you enjoy ?
 hi . anything new lately ?	oh just fighting with my family	 uh oh . i live alone .	i do not blame you . my guy is great but folks are awful	 i am employed in robotics . i understand them better than people .	i do not like people anymore	 i stay up late because then i do not have to deal with people .	good idea . people make me sad	 i am about to order some chinese food . it is just about all i eat .	i love fried chicken and riding my bike	 if i could ride my bike alone at night , that would be great .	i would like that too	 oh , my food is here . it is time to eat .	ok please enjoy the food	 i will , thank you much .	you got it . havea good night
hello ! how are you today ?	great . just taking a break from playing football with the guys	 that sounds fun . i enjoy sewing for fun . and swimming !	interesting . i am too caught up in football for anything else	 do you play on a team ?	yes , i am a linebacker . i actually made 128 tackles last year	 wow . awesome ! i love to make pies using ingredients from my garden .	what is in your garden ?	 we have all kinds of things . spinach , pumpkin , tomatoes , blackberries .	oh wow , that sounds great ! i should bring some for the team baltimore ravens	 oh my friend lives in baltimore and she is a huge fan !	cool . i should get you guys some free tickets	 that would be great . i would love to surprise her .	one day for sure . what else do you like ?	 i really like swimming ! i love any ocean and lake !	i do sometimes to keep fit during the off season
 hey . how are you today . do you live in the usa ?	i am good and yes i live in the us	 i work as a waitress and i am in kansas . what do you do for a living ?	i sell home insurance to people	 do you like doing that job ?	yeah i do , but i would much rather be reading suspense novels	 do you like music ? my favorite band is worn . i am also into nirvana .	yeah i like music but i do not really have any favorites	 are you happy in your life ?	yeah i am its mainly focused around taking care of my mom	 sweet ! i am happy too . i got married recently .	that is nice when did you get married ?	 about a week ago . are you married or have any kids ?	no i am single and i am not looking for anyone right now
hello how are you today ?	i have to walk home every night from work	 that sucks . i work from home its more convient for me	lucky you i work in nasty fast food .	 so where do you work exactly ?	burger king , i wear purple all the time .	 i never been a fan of burger king . i like to eat healthy	i understand me either , i want to take a brava maga class	 never heard of that type of class	my friends wanna do it	 is it a really expensive class ?	not sure , guess its near our hour	 is it a group exercise kind of thing ?	we all live together trying to survive an make it	 oh i definitely understand that	yea its cool we cresol young
hi how are you today	no to shabby , i am listening to my favorite podcast	 and what is that then	joe rogan . what are you up to today ?	 oh yeah that is a great podcast	what i would your favorite color ?	 mine is blue what about you	i really like purple . do you like hiking ?	 it is okay do you like food	food is great , i love fresh produce	 yeah mexican is the best food	do you have to commute to work ?	 i do , i take the bus	i sold my car , so i just bicycle everywhere	 i bet it feels good though	i do enjoy riding . i ride up to the park by me a lot
 what are your plans for this evening ?	i am planning to go to soccer practice for our upcoming game what about you ?	 maybe watch some anime and play with my new laptop .	sounds fun , do you have plans for the morning ?	 going to put flowers on my grandparents grave . you ?	i am sorry , working tomorrow , very demanding job working with a finance company	 demanding indeed , any weekend plans ?	just hanging out in my apartment hopefully have the weekend free . what about you ? any plans ?	 hopefully a little gardening and a lot of chocolate eating	i wish i had a garden , but i am close to work in my apartment	 that is nice too , no long commute . any dinner plans ?	probably stay in and have tea , you	 leftovers , i am canadian and thanksgiving was yesterday	yum , i am from canada waiting my turn in the usa
 good evening . my name is jason .	hi jason . my name is ronald . how is it going ?	 pretty good ronald . where are you from ? maine is my hometown . portland actually .	i have never been ! i am actually from zimbabwe . explains my love for running .	 i see . i have a passion for photography .	nice ! what do you like to photograph ?	 anything really . what do you do besides running ?	unfortunately , not a lot . applied for welfare last month . it has me depressed .	 i am sorry about that . i am an engineer . environmental . how long on welfare ?	it has been over a month . i am hoping to change that within two weeks .	 that is good . get your spirits up again . do you have family ?	not much . my father is still in prison after making some bad lifestyle choices .	 oh boy . hopefully he has changes to make too .	exactly ! i hope you are working to improve our environment !
 hey hows it going all good ?	yeah , i am having a hard time choosing between lollipops and rainbows	 well you can try electronic music	i like to listen to electronic music when i clean up after my kids .	 that sounds great . just like nature	i love nature ! i look at the stars to keep from feeling depressed .	 i was just doing that too	i was trying to look for aliens through my telescope .	 say hi to them for me	okay ! if i ever find them i will	 yea send some photos pls	what are some of your favorite things to do ?
do you enjoy watching football ?	yes i enjoy the food and all the screaming	 i am a player , so i do not get to watch .	i like the pants you guys have to wear . do you have any pets ?	 a pet eagle , just kidding that our mascot .	i like to walk a lot and climbs mountains	 i work out a lot , i was a rookie last season . .	i love to write and draw . i like to create stories for fun	 you sound much more artistic to me , my art is throwing the ball .	i did not know about my talent till after my mother passed	 i am sorry to hear that .	it opened up another part of my brain it is great therapy	 i can imagine , what do you draw usually ?	creatures , aliens , puzzles , landscapes i never know i just start drawing its weird	 do you show your art or is it personal ?	i do share it online and getting a new online store ready now
 hi i am tony do u like football i am a quarterback	hi tony . football causes brain damage . are you ok ?	 yeah my dream is to be drafted to the eagles	ok good luck with that . i am a runner . less brain damage , lol .	 last year i was not starter this year i am	wow , sounds like you are getting better . what is your diet like ?	 high protein low carb so i make playoffs	sounds smart . i eat lots of bagels and cookies , burn carbs running .	 i want to show my league proud n make state	i have a feeling you will succeed . because you are focused .	 been playing since a toddler	you played football as a toddler ? linebacker ever knock you unconscious ?	 no little league is heavy padded	oh , ok . do you have a game with weekend ?	 no this week we are off	ok . runners almost never days off . gonna head out for a run momentarily .
how are you doing today ?	there is nothing i love more than plotting to take over the world	 are you watching cartoons ? i like horses .	i like horses too . death , famine , war , and pestilence are my favorites !	 do you like to eat meat ?	my nickname is bubblegum because all i eat is bubblegum . . . o	 are you from the planet uranus ? i am from planet earth	i share the legendary red haired gene with my brother . i am actually from saturn	 i love redheads ! i like to put on some boots and eat ham	care for some green eggs with your ham ?	 do they have hair on them ? the eggs . .	lolol no not my hair , at least . i can put some on if you would like ! xd	 sure sprinkle some of that goodness on them	last night i discovered that my fiery red hair can actually cure the common cold !
hi , my names is brett and my cat sam is amazing	hi brett . i am cindy . what kind of cat is sam ? .	 i am pretty average for my weight . not quite thing but not fat either .	i am fat with a beard . i eat what i want . are you dieting ?	 i also enjoy sewing or doing needle work . i have brown hair	i have never tried sewing . i am a truck driver . do you like to drive ?	 i am pretty good at it . its not that hard to do .	what have you created with needle point ?	 a lot of flower embroideries because i am good with those .	sounds beautiful . i grow a lot flowers on my farm .	 that is awesome maybe you can give me a snap shot of it	i would love to . are you active on a social media platform ?	 i am on facebook which is great	i love facebook and instagram . do you have a lot of followers ?	 not many and do not care to have many followers	i love getting likes on my photos . what do you like about facebook ?
 welcome to a new era . i am going to celebrate .	what are you celebrating ? glad you are having a good day	 no more common cold ! i found the cure !	congratulations ! ! are you a biologist ? i am into art myself	 i would rather call myself a wizard . are you an artist ?	i also like to hike with my border collies	 great ! do you paint at all ?	yes with oils . i also speak french and english . what do you do for fun ?	 i make up names for fun . i have a nickname bubblegum .	that is cute . where do you live i am about to move to a different state	 i think i am from mars . i have bright red hari .	are you irish with the red hair or dyed	 i was born this way . my brother has it too .	do people call you ginger ?	 ginger ? no . they call me crazy because i want to take over the world .	would you make the world a better place ?
 well hi there ! anything interesting going on ?	oh i am just checking through photos that i took and editing . you ?	 i recently returned from london , so i have lots of photos to sort myself .	oh my son has a soccer coach who is from london . what did you do there ?	 well , we went to a lot of churches i think i may be too religious lol	that is funny . i take photos of many things . i want to become well known !	 that would be great ! i get agitated too often to want to be famous .	oh do you have anger issues ? i am sorry that you are easily bothered .	 i deal with it . my main anger seems to come when i have to eat green beans .	i would suggest cutting out the green beans in that case .	 consider it done ! i have to go soon , because my favorite game show is coming on .	what show will you be watching ?	 wheel of fortune lol ! i feel like i am learning all about you !	wow , i had a colleague go on that show . he won a little bit of money !	 a little bit is better than nothing ! thanks for the little chat !	sure , i enjoyed talking with you .
 i am rich baby ! like you would not freaking believe !	that is awesome ! i could use some money .	 i used to be a dumb telemarketer making 12 hr . how much do you need ?	i need a lot because my husband just left me with the kids .	 i can paypal you some , i hit for over forty freaking million dollars .	that could buy all the ice cream i could eat . my favorite !	 i will never punch a clock again and all you can think about is ice cream ?	well , the four dogs we have like it to , so its always on my mind .	 four dogs ? are any of them undead ? zombie apocalypse starts with dogs	no , but i wish my husband was .	 you wish your huso was a zombie ?	yeah , then he could not leave me .
 hi , hey , hello , hey ! off school for today ! how are you ?	we do not have time for school . i have a boat to carve	 carve ? that is so cool ! out of wood ? what kind of wood , where , why ?	winter is coming and i will make a boat for my viking tribe .	 a viking ! have a helmet ? all i have is braces that i haaaaate my mom for .	honor your mom and when you are grown and bearded you look good	 lol i cannot pull a beard . i should eat less though . too many carbs bad viking	we like meat but carbs good for winter .	 noon meat ! i wanna be a vet . i draw ponies all day on my binder lol	draw ? i can draw a sword . soon take the boat to the new land	 bring me on the boat ! people say i talk too much but i can talk to you .	but can you pillage . gold is fine but silver works	 i wear lots of gold but i should not since it makes me look old .	old is a place of honor . gold is a sign of a good warrior
 hey , how is everything ? i am about to head out to meet my girlfriend .	i am doing well , i am to go shopping at thrift stores	 nice , i am not a big fan but go because my girlfriend love it	i go to find things to make my clothing and new items	 you make clothes ? i wonder if you can advise on what will match my pink hair ?	anything that is leporid print	 that is a bit vegas for me but it might work since i am in the city .	it will go with your pink hair . it will be unique	 thanks for the advice but i just cannot wear it in front of my older brother .	why not ? what is wrong with your older brother ?	 he teases me about my unusual sense of style lol	well , you need to find something to tease him about .	 well i do feel that he needs to update his hair style lol .	do you still live with your brother ?
 hi how is ur weekend going so far	pretty good . i just bought my 9th guitar to add to my collection !	 you like music ? i like too . .	i love the band system of a down ! i am in a cover band that plays locally .	 i was in a band when i was in school	me too ! my parents made me take piano lessons since i was 6 years old .	 that is too young . . you are rockstar	well , my cover band is not exactly star status . what instrument do you play ?	 trumpet was my speciality . . and i was doing vocal aswell	i do not do vocals . i cannot stand the smell of cigarettes and burgers in the bars .	 even i hate that too	well , its gotten worse since i switch from vegetarian to vegan .	 what happened ? ? these days there are too many vegan recipes	hey , now ! there can never be too many recipes for us ! are you vegan too ?
 hello . i am a ballerina like my mom	i have a lot of ballerina figurines .	 awesome i bet they are beautiful	i like to collect them , especially ones i find in antique shops .	 my whole family supports me being a white dancer	i am not sure what a white dancer is , but i sure do love hanging at subway .	 i have danced my whole life	i wish i could dance . my cat can dance .	 i bet that is funny my mom was a dancer also	was she a ballerina too ?	 yes i will retire my job in 6 months	that is exciting ! do you own a cat ?	 no i am allergic to cats	oh that is too bad . my dad is allergic to them too .	 yea they shed and its bad	i also have a great pyrenees . . . boy do i know about shedding .
howdy , how are you this evening ?	i am drunk on my collection of single malt scotch . and you ?	 well shoot , i am just fixing myself some supper . grilling up a steak , well done of course .	i can not make dinner . i live in a small house to budget me expenses .	 that sucks . i make plenty of money roofing all day . so you like scotch ?	yes . so much that i tend a bar on the weekends . i am an alcoholic .	 i am a beer man . i always have one after work . i do not think i am an alcoholic .	i am alcoholic , but i go to college during the week to become a lawyer .	 does that make learning hard ? i know after a beer i cant even drive my sweet truck .	no . i become one with the alcohol . i am not a noob .	 well then i reckon that is ok . do you like trucks ?	only if the bed is filled with alcohol .	 mine has a lot of beer cans . she is a sweet lifted chevy that i call leslie .	leslie . that is the name of one of my scotch bottles .	 you name your scotch bottles ? well that is just weird .	i am a weird guy . you ever smell your own arm pit ?
 hi how are you today	great ! i am watching some classic sitcoms and listening to fall out boy . you ?	 i am good do you work	no , my cars bad . an old honda that is on its last legs .	 is it a civic though	yes actually . i mostly take the subway now . i like talking to the travelers there .	 nice do you ever cook	i order out . what do you like to do ?	 i make food very often	awesome . i like reading . i am excited for some new political thrillers .	 what do you read often	patterson and clancy , a lot of political thrillers .	 nice do you work then	no , i am a student .	 what are you studying then	at the moment , my favorite fall out boy album , but i study nursing in school
 hello what kind of music do you listen to ?	i like smooth jazz , you ?	 i was raised country but i listen to all genres	cool . i am an elementary teacher , what do you do ?	 i am a manager at a sporting goods store i love to hunt	what do you like to hunt ?	 elk and deer mostly their my go to meats	i have had deer meat it is pretty good	 yes just stinks that hunting cramps my sundays	pick another day . . . my hobby is shopping lol	 lol well my alumni games are on sunday football season	oh ok my husband played in high school and college	 when the games not on me and the boys go mud runs in my truck	that seems like a lot of fun lol
 tell me about yourself , what is your profession ?	i am a stay at home mom . how about you ?	 i am a writer for a local newspaper	i should read more newspapers . i tend to stick with movies .	 what movies do you like ?	i do not have a lot of energy so i watch a lot of all types .	 you should try doing some yoga , i find it helps me feel more energetic .	i also eat way too much fast food . that might help too .	 whats your favorite fast food place ? i am always looking for new things to write about .	rdoba is pretty good . i love mexican food in general	 is rdoba a food chain ?	yeah , sort of like chipotle .
 hi . just got back from my sons football game . they won !	like real football or american football ?	 american citizen here , so american football , not soccer .	when i am a dentist i might watch that . no time now . you work ?	 no . the whole mom with the minivan stage of life for me .	ah so do you stay up all night after the kids are asleep ?	 sometimes i stay up late reading mystery novels and eating pizza .	oh that sounds relaxing !	 yeah , that and walking the beach with toes in the sand are the best .	with the sun coming up ! i like mornings at the beach	 sigh . now i want to go there . what are your hobbies ?	sports mostly , but i spend my days studying teeth	 college is exhausting sometimes . i am glad i am not in school .	yeah school is a pain i like music	 what kind of music do you like to listen to ?	rise against and other bands . you ?
hi , i am fine what a bout you	i am doing great ! do you have any hobbies ?	 yes i love to go fishing how about you	i love reading . what do you do for work ?	 i do care giver for the senior	that sounds rewarding . i myself work as a bagger at a grocery store .	 that good need some body to do that too you should be pride	aww . thank you ! do you have a favorite color ?	 yes blue , i am on the shy side what about you	i also love blue !	 ok , cool , do you have any children	not presently . maybe one day in the future . you ?	 yes i have five adults children	wow ! big family . i bet you are proud of them .
 hello , how are you tonight ?	i got god in my life so its only going up	 i have sushi in my life , so its only going up	for real ! that is my go to snack while i study	 my favorite snack is god	yo you got some profound words there . you rap ? ?	 no , i am just a little suburban girl	i feel that , i feel that . but you got a favorite rapper tho	 no i do not listen to rap , it is too hard for my groove	you gotta check out yo gotti ! he is god in the flesh	 god should not be treated like that , only dogs	i mean i get straight a grades but you are too smart for me !	 it is cause i have a special car that whispers all the secrets of life to me	tell me more about your special car and life !
hey how are you ?	i am always so tired , how are you ?	pretty good , drinking a nice cold pepsi , they are awesome . why so tired ?	is that your favorite ? i am so tired i am expecting my first child .	 yes they are , oh wow your first ? boy or girl ?	i am not sure i hope its a boy . my dad is so judgemental .	 why is he judgemental ? do you have a job ?	my dad is a preacher an is crazy we live in the old country	 as a librarian , reading will take your mind off things .	any books in about horses ? i love horses mines name is beauty .	 the shadowy horses , horror novels are my favorite	really ? i am scared of horror novels my imagination is vivid !
 i need to find a good time to visit my mom . she is busy working at the school .	in my future i want to be a writer	 what sort of writer ? my mom is a social worker . she gardens during her free time .	but for now i work as a translator	 i am a cashier . i would like to grow big plants like my mom as a professional gardener .	i want to write erotica i love it	 erotica is popular at the grocery store . i see lot of those books near my register .	see lol quick grabs ! i am unemployed right now sadly	 my best friend moved to a bigger place for more work opportunities . could you move ?	you would grab my book if you seen it ?	 possibly , if it looked good . i like to read when i visit my friend in the city .	that is cool , what do you like to read ?	 books on freelance writing , actually . i may start a gardening blog .	cool , maybe i will follow you on it
 hello , how are you ? tell me about you	well my birthday was last week . i am bryan by the way .	 nice to meet you , my name is tiffany	i just hit the big 30 ! it has been tough besides that unfortunately . carreer changes . . .	 whats your career ? mine is in law , i love running	my girlfriend slept with my buddy . so we broke up . security	 my wife left me , but i love new york so i think i will move there	i recently changed to nights full time . no swing shift . i did a half marathon !	 1 2 marathon is very impressive . how do you like nights	one of my two dogs i own follows me when i train . i love nights !	 what kind of dogs do you have	the training just finished a month ago . poodle and a labrador	 nice , i have a yorkie and a great dane	wow ! two totally different sized animals !	 right , but you can guess who run things	when will you move to ny ? little dogs are all alike !
 hey what is your deal ?	i teach the eight grade , what about you ?	 i have two arms covered in tats so no teaching .	i read the bible every night	 is 43 too old for a woman to have pink hair ?	i like older women so not at all	 excellent . my truck driving days may be at an end soon though . do you like work ?	not as much as i love travelling	 that is a good priority to have	gotta have goals in life right ?	 absolutely you need goals . do you play soccer ?	i have but not really	 neither do i really . i just run .	running sound like a lot of fun	 it is so much fun but you need good shoes	are shoes that important ?
 hi , are you there buddy ?	i am good thanks . i just got off work at the bank .	 at the bank huh ? sounds like good money . i am a vet	great i need a new vet for my cat ! lol	 well not that kind of vet , i meant a military veteran lol	o my bad ! lol my ex husband is a veteran also .	 wow , what a coincidence . i am also married , 20 years now	awesome ! i have recently moved my grandmother into my guest house .	 so you live with your grandmother and your cat ? i love animals	lol sort of , she lives in the guest house . do you have any hobbies ?	 i volunteer at an animal shelter , a local one . what about you ?	i like collecting teapots and i also volunteer at a shelter .	 we have a lot in common . any favorite sport ?	i like hockey and nascar , what about you ?	 i like nascar too , but my favorite is football	football is good too , but i like hockey more .
how it going where are you from ?	i am from utah how about you	 i am from colorado . love it here in summer for hiking its my favorite	i go to church on sundays do you	 i do our church band reminds me of one direction , love it	you do not know youre beautiful do you	 yes that is my favorite song	i have a kid , its 3 . do you have any	 yep just one though , gets kind of cold here in colorado for her	i am a teacher how about you ?	 i am a teacher as well , for preschool . what grade for you ?	1st grade , do you teach religion	 i do its a private preschool . but just basic stuff , what about you ?	i teach sunday school on sundays
 hey , how are you doing today ?	i am great , getting my girls ready . you ?	 i have gotta go take my skunk for a walk pretty soon , so that should be fun	ll interesting . what do you do for a living ?	 well i have a masters in italian literature but my brother thinks he is a viking sooo	cool i am in medical school right now	 that is awesome ! ready to graduate ?	i have two more years	 that is so exciting . i was feeling free spirited yesterday and painted my nails green	green is my absolute favorite color .	 no . way . you should for sure see my nails then . do you have any hobbies ?	watching old movies are a passion	 we should really hang out some time	that seems cool and fun
hello , i love eggs for breakfast	hello so do i ! do you love creating art like i do ?	 i was born to paint and stuff	cool . i am know as a painter . do you have siblings ?	 i have chickens and birds	i have twin brothers . they are identical .	 i have pet chickens that are identical	cool . can you sing ? i am very talented winning several competitions .	 i like walking on the beach .	do you like major motion pictures ? i am working as an extra for one .	 sure , i was in kansas when they filmed twister	awesome ! that is one of my favorite movies and why i got into it .	 so how is your day going ?	pretty good . just watching a movie called baby driver	 i love that movie , it is beyond epic	that is what i hear . i am only 1 4 in . glad to hear it is good !
 hello there ! how are you ?	hi . i am good . loving this sat . how are your ?	 feeling well . i am hanging out with friends later	nice . what city are you in ?	 new york city . how about you ? .	wow cannot get much farther away . . . i am in san francisco .	 that is so cool ! we are on opposite sides of the country	yeah . i will see your airport though when i layover on my vacation next month .	 really ? where are you headed to ?	ready for this ? paris ! not my idea , my sisters . i am a lot nervous .	 paris sounds fun . will you visit the eiffel tower ?	yeah , she has a list of must see stuff . do you like to travel ?	 me and my gay friend i am not gay do sometimes	lol friends of all kinds are good for traveling with .
 hi there , how are you doing ?	i am good . how are you ?	 not too bad . i am so ready to ride my new bike this weekend .	that sounds like fun . i like to run as hobby . where do you like to ride ?	 anywhere near water because i love surrounding myself around anything blue !	i am with you on that . i am looking for a second job . what do you do ?	 currently i am working as a salesman for a high end insurance company . you ?	i am working as a grill cook , but i would like to have my own restaurant some day .	 you will get there one day , i believe in you ! what do you do aside from work ?	i like to go to concerts . i am a big fan of pink floyd . what about you ?	 that is nice ! on my spare time i comment a lot on reduit blogs .	that sounds interesting . i do not know a lot about reduit . what does that involve ?	 it consists of news , personal opinions , internet trolls , movies and more !	i am going to have to check that out . i am very interested in current events .
 hello . how are you doing today ?	hello , i am from new york where i work as a lawyer	 how do you like law	i am fine i just love a nice juicy grilled steak .	 i love steak especially before a game	i like it alot , but i like running to relieve the stress of it	 i work out a lot too	what kind of games are you into ?	 i do not have time for games	what kind of workouts do you like the most ?	 i like basketball . it is relaxing .	some games are fun depending on who your are playing with	 it is my job too	i like to play pool in new york city , that is my favorite place to be	 that sounds great . i like washington .	what team do you play for ?
 hello ! what do you do for a living ?	hello , navy woman here . how about yourself ?	 nice ! that is for your service ! i love to cook and i own a restuarant .	no problem hun . nice ! what type of restaurant .	 mexican . i opened it 3 years after my mom died . she taught me how to cook .	sorry to hear that . do you have other hobbies ?	 i love playing with my dog . how about you ?	my favorite hobby is whittling , but i like listening to folk music too .	 what kinds of things do you create when you whittle ?	just things like trees , animals , basically anything i can imagine .	 do you sell them or are they just for show ?	i give them away . i learned in during my time in foster care .
 hello , good evening how are you	not doing so great today . i was in a zip line accident and lost my arm .	 oh that is too bad , i need both my arms to cook my dinner i really love cooking	i need my arms for farming , how am i going to hoe without two arms .	 that is wonderfully awful , my dad sells used cars , and i need two arms to fish	at least i can do my hobby , hiking , i only need two legs for that .	 i am a pretty pleasant person to be around , my dogs think so	should have listened to my parent and used my college degree for an office job .	 i should have explored my ambition for cooking	i have a parrot named todd , he is a real talker . do you like sports ?	 no but i like my dog pepperoni	i was in a car accident , cut my arm then it got infected zipping , rough day .	 look on the bright side you could have gangrene	its really hard to type with one arm , i miss my left arm . makes me sad .	 i love being a happy person , and especially when i fish , you should try	i can fish with one arm if someone will bait my hook
 so so so ready to go	ready to go where ? are you taking me to see one direction ! ?	 sure if we can get pizza	and spaghetti and meatballs right ? 1d and that would make the best night	 food is so so good . it is so bad	my mom says too much is bad for her . she plays tennis professionally	 my mom is so annoying	is she . i am only in elementary school you know ?	 you poor thing , why are you working ?	because i want to be a football player when i get older	 oh ok . i like football	what else do you like ?	 chicken hens perch on a wire	i do not know what that means , but cool
 hi ! i am excited ! i just got 50k subscribes on my youtube channel where i do makeup !	nice ! i will sub to your channel . i do yoga . what about you ?	 i work out before i watch tutorials on youtube .	cool . do you play any sports ? do you make money from your channel ?	 not yet but i ho to soon . i play golf on occasion .	nice . i play hockey . golf and hockey are not that different	 true but hockey is a team sport tho .	yeah . i have always been a fan . what do you do besides work on youtube ? read ?	 i have been going to beauty classes .	i am a very stylish person . i look good . we could be friends .	 very cool ! i am in florida . where are you ?	i am in louisiana . new orleans . what part of florida ?	 right out side of tampa .	so like st . petersburg or sarasota ?
hi . . how was your weekend ? ?	hi ! very nice ! how was yours ? i wnet to a concert !	 party weekend . . it was great	i have not had one of those in a long time . sounds fun !	 you should try with ur friends	you are not going to invite me ? lol	 course . . where are u from now ? ?	i am from wherever i send you a postcard from . i travel a lot	 great hobby . . i am a small business man	very cool ! i think that would be a lot of fun	 where you travel recently . . anything interesting ?	unfortunately i have not . i have learning how to play the cello	 my friends are big casino players	i have been twice . i spent 20 the first time and 10 the second	 they usually gets lot of money	i wish casinos were blue my favorite color
 hi , are you a male or female ?	my mom was killed in 79	 oh that is terrible ! how did it happen ?	i am a carminvore all the time	 have you tried sushi or pizza ? i love to eat them !	i prefer japanese cartoon shows	 i am an older guy so i do not like japanese cartoon shows . i like creating art .	i was required to work as a chimney sweep when i was a kid	 i was required to garden and i still love to work in it .	in 1979 my mom died suddenly	 you told me that already . do you have a favorite band ?	i always eat meat , no vegetables ever
 hello . hoe are you doing today ?	i am doing good just got back from walking my dogs ?	 sounds nice . i am munching on hummus and pita bread which i love .	i like to cook , that does sound good , now i am hungry lol	 i am happy to share ! are you a parent ?	no , i am not ready for children how about you ?	 i am a mom of three kids and might become a mom again next year .	that is so awesome , i am not financially ready yet .	 i understand . i have to go to work early each day to work as a nurse .	i am an architect what do you do for a living ?	 i am a nurse which can be challenging as i have a bipolar problem .	nurse that requires a lot of patience , which i lack .	 it does , but it is worth it to help people . what do you design ?	i bet , my dad went missing last year ,	 oh no ! did anyone find him ?	i am have not found him yet , he went swimming and disappeared .
hi , how are you today ?	i am well thank you for asking . who am i speaking with ? ?	 my name is sherry i am pretty fabulous	hello sherry ! are you a mother ?	 no , i look at myself a lot do not wanna mess up my looks . r u ?	yes i am , currently i am pretty hungry do you know what sounds good ?	 no , what sounds good to you ?	mexican ! i normally love to cook , but it would be nice to go out .	 lets go ! although it takes me hours to get ready because i love looking good	that is kind of superficial of you , but that is why i like you sherry !	 i am only partly superficial ! i also like to shop a lot online ! do you like to shop ?	yes of course ! i have bought a lot of rolling stones albums on vinyl recently !
 good evening how are you feeling ?	i am great , night owl over here . i am introverted , do not go out much	 i eat only vegetables not meat at all .	wow , why ? love animals ? i have a very loyal pet pug	 i love animals , i read about them everyday at my job as a librarian	ew , i hate librarians , despite being a graduate student studying to be a lawyer	 i have to go to mass in the morning at my catholic church .	is that why you did not respond to me saying i hated you ?	 i am so sorry you feel that way but i love all people .	i love my boys , my homies , the guys i play ultimate with in the park	 i love listening to nickelback band .	wow i hate you more , no offense . i only play ultimate sometimes	 i love you even though you keep saying you hate me .	i live in new york , i love the local shops . visit and we fight	 when i visit i will show you nothing but love and kindness .	i will show you my unblockable sh tyle
 hi , how are you ?	i am great , how about you ?	 i am good too . i like to draw	cool ! i just rode my bike to the nature trail . worn out from hiking	 ok . my day is just started by half an hour exercise	i am shocked i am up this early .	 it is raining here and i love rain .	it never rains here in belmont	 ok , i love hiking too .	what kind of music do you like ?	 classical . how about you , my friend ?	i love grunge music primarily , however i do get down with tchaikovsky from time to time	 nice to know that . what is your favorite movie ?	there will be blood is my favorite . i am a huge daniel day lewis fan
hello . its a shame i do not like coffee , i can use a wake up call .	i love burrito myself so i feel you	 i have to get up early and walk to work tomorrow . do you work ?	yes i have a job that i hate lol but really i love to shop	 i have a job in finance . if you need help budgeting while you shop , let me know .	lol shopping for shoes online right now lol	 that reminds me , i need new soccer shoes . do you play any sports ?	nah i like ballet and other dancing	 nice ! i am not flexible enough for dance . i love watching so you think .	oh i think i can dance lol	 yes ! its such a good show .	do you like to eat burritos
 hey ! how are you doing tonight ?	hi there ! i m doing pretty good , thanks . and yourself ?	 i am doing well ! just playing some guitar after dinner .	oh nice . what sort of music do you like to play ?	 i am still learning , on my free time , so just the basics right now . do you play ?	no i don t have much musical talent unfortunately . do you have a job ?	 i do , by day i am a scientist , but i am also trying to be a chef . you ?	i work in public affairs and am also an officer with the national guard .	 thank you for your service . are you good at first person shooter games ?	my pleasure . and i m decent . are you good at them ?	 i like to play , but i always wondered if it was easier for people with practical experience .	that makes sense . so what type of food do you like cooking as a chef ?
 how are you doing today ?	hi , i am kevin . i am in college .	 hi kevin ! i am claire . i am a violinist .	i study software development . i like learning new things .	 that is cool . it is always good to learn new things !	do you work out ? i like working out .	 i am too busy to work out . i get plenty of exercise in my everyday life .	what do you do in your everyday life ?	 i spend six to eight hours a day practicing violin . two hours to walk my pomeranian .	oh yea . i forgot you play . it is nice .	 i won a competition last month and have an upcoming one in two weeks .	this sounds exciting ! my 11 year old neighbor plays cello .	 that is great . my sister plays clarinet in an orchestra and mom is a music teacher .	i used to play french horn in high school .
i keep on wondering why we have to die	well , there is eternal life waiting on the other side if you believe .	 it scares me a lot especially that i have cancer and am soon facing it .	i am sorry to hear that . i have lost most of my family to cancer .	 i am the only one having it in the family and i wonder why ?	its just something that happens . no reason . my daughter died of leukemia .	 sorry , it puts my heart under fire thinking of living my family and friends .	i just try to keep my mind on positive things like my collections .	 i have failed to concentrate on any thing and i do isolate from people some times .	i collect comics , dvds , books and autographs . they keep my mind busy .	 i try keeping my self at church and listening to music they kinda ease my heart .	church and music can be therapeutic . i am a minister on sundays and wednesdays .	 especially i love watching and listening to choir performances in church and sermons .	that is great ! sounds like something positive to occupy your thoughts .	 it does for only that time but when am alone i feel sorrowful .	turn to the bible or inspirational books perhaps .
hi there , how are you today ?	i am good how are you tonight	 i am fantastic , i just finished baking this awesome cake .	yummy lol ! i could use a snack ! i am studying hard for school	 oh man , what are you going for ?	i am going for vet degree	 oh , nice . i graduated from law school about ten years ago .	nice , i commend you on your perseverance	 money makes the world go round , am i right ?	greed is good and money greases the tracks lol	 especially when you have a greedy landlord raising the rent omao	oh yikes , slum lord needs rent control lol	 for sure , i am looking for a new place	hoping you find a nice reasonably priced place
 hey , i guess i will get use to this being in bed , ugh .	what is wrong ? i usually only stay in bed for a long time when raining !	 i been really sick going on bed rest for 5 months .	so sorry to hear that ! do you have any hobbies you can still do ?	 hobbies ? i do not have time i have 3 kids lol	haha , no kids here ! i love taking pics , photography of all sorts !	 cool , take pictures of the world send them too me lol	i definitely would , i spend a little too much money on it in fact !	 ll really how ? i do not have much i am 26 ha	well , the money i save by using candles instead of electricity helps !	 that is cool , i think lol i need a few candles i throw up daily in am	sorry you are so sick ! i hope you get better soon !
 hello friend . what are you doing ?	i am doing all great and you	 not so great but getting better i hope .	3 pets take my stress away	 where do they take it ?	and my diet makes me feel good	 i am glad for you , i feel nervous often .	and my gym time makes it really better	 i have a job at a gym , just started today .	can i bring my lets in the gym ?	 no , the rules i read said you cannot , sorry .	i will make my own gym then	 can you build a gym ?	home made gym just at home	 i like staying home , i get awkward in public .	oh that is a great idea
 hey how is your day going ?	pretty well how about you	 i am doing good , busy day	why so busy then friend	 i am in the lab working all day , and afterwords i have a big gymnastics meet	woah do you have any family	 just my parents who are also working in the lab today , what about you ?	my brother and i are twins	 that is so cool . what kind of music do you like ?	any that i can tap dance to	 if you can tap to the beatles that would be so amazing	yeah i have won championships for tap	 wow that is really cool i hope to win a medal as well for gymnastics	gotta do your flips and tricks
 hi . do you watch television shows like csi ?	yes , but not csi specifically	 since i do not like cold long winters , i enjoy watching television .	i prefer criminal minds . cold winters , are you north ?	 yes and i would rather be in a warm place swimming with manta rays .	i agree ! instead i spend my winter cooking up a storm to stay warm	 what kind of work do you do ?	i am a teacher , just like my mother was . you ?	 i am a lawyer , just like my parents both are .	wow , that is impressive . what type of law do you practice ?	 general but some days i wish i worked at the smithsonian .	ah , an art lover ! what do you do for fun ?	 besides swimming , i like to go out boating . you ?	same here , but throw in biking . anything outdoors or on the water .
 hi there , how are you today ?	fine fine how areyou . read any good books lately ?	 no , not much of a reader . i enjoy cooking though .	do you cook vegetarian food . that ias what i am .	 sometimes . i love to cook , but no baking .	i read plenty of books about cooking when i am bored	 that is good ! i am a stay at home mom , so i get bored , too , sometimes .	i write poetry too . helps with the trama i got as a marine	 oh , wow . i hope it helps . i like a good run , that helps me .	yea , i bartend and get to vent all the time	 that must be fun . do you ever watch face off on say network ?	i have seen it once or twice
 hello , what do you do for a living ?	i have a cleaning company that i work with my family	 cool . i work on computers for google .	nice , i love google and i love to read .	 me too . i am kind of a nerd . i like math and science .	one of the best writers i know is nicholas sparks , i am sort of a nerd too	 would you use a self driving car ?	are you married ? i have been for 6 years now . . . . . i would try one	 i programmed the one i take to and from work . i am engaged .	that car sounds a little scary though , my mother would never ride in it	 as long as bad people do not program . the computer is safer than humans .	that is true , my mother started me reading early she was a school teacher	 i always liked michael c . the author of jurassic park .	i have not heard of him , i think computers will take over the world fully soon	 all of this has happened before and all of this will happen again .	i totally agree we are living a perpetual groundhog day
hi ! how are you doing ?	i am great ! so great i would like to know if you know god ?	 i know him somewhat . can anyone ever fully know god ?	yes sir ma am ! its all in the bible	 not much of a reader . i have a ton of cds though !	well , thankfully there is bible on cd know a days , sorry to be so straightfoward .	 that is true . oh it is okay we all have things we are passionate about	yes like christian electronic dance music , just found out it exists , got any cds ?	 no idea it existed either haha i have the beetles though . they are my fav !	beetles are life ! i met them , i hoped they liked me . . .	 you met them ? ! ? that is amazing !	i attended their fundraiser for the poor , i am crazy giving ! i love to help people !	 i have not done anything cool like that . i have a pretty boring past time	boring past time . . . there is such a thing . . . what is it ?	 i like to gather rare stamps . . . or go shopping for vintage furniture haha	next time i am in church , i will keep you and your hobbies in my prayers lol	 ahahah i really need it . maybe instead of shopping i will start helping people like you	amen ! ! ! your credit card debt will thank you .
 hi there , i have to live with	i do not understand but my name is jim . just a cripple	 i am so sorry , i am ft	i am a vegan what about you	 i get alot of mail	really . i do not have too much friends . one got me car before .	 oh that is too bad , i have baby pigs	nasty . i love winter . how are they in that season	 nasty ? ! they are so cute and fuzzy	vitamin c helps me rid my cold then . but they make me sick	 oh that is very helpful	yes it is i am just old	 oh i am old too	really . how old are you if you do not mind saying	 32 , its terrible . life is ong	wow i am 36 . well i must go . talk later ok .
 who are you do you have any dolls like becky	hi how are you today	 happy do you have dolls ? lets play	i do not have any do you work	 what ? come on lets play this is becky . i will be the princess	why do you want to play that	 because now you be the other princess let me fix this hair for you	okay this is odd i have a child	 is she a princess too ? how old are you in case	she is a child i am an adult	 these are my flowers . you can have them . my daddy gave them to me	wow do you like cheese	 yes . do you ? i want to play ! lets play ! this is my fort . you can have part	how tall are you i hate cheese
 hi are you having a good saturday ?	wonderful day out today , i went for a jog . yourself ?	 at home listening to bieber which reminds me of 5 years ago .	i am setting the tivo for ma before going to the gym	 what is ma ? do not think i have heard of them	mixed martial arts , a blend of them	 is not that just like the fake wrestmania stuff ?	no , this is real martial arts . dangerous	 i am not into fighting . if i want danger then i just drink milk which makes me sick .	no milk is tough . i like watching . i am training to start police academy .	 police academy the movie or the playstation game ?	the actual academy to be an officer .	 oh . are you good with a gun ?	i am ok . but i plan on training alot this summer .
hi i work part time at a retail store . what do you do ?	i am a clown and work in the circus , mother work as a teacher in school	 do they have koalas in the circus ? that is my favorite animal	my description about my family what do you think of that ?	 that sounds interesting . how do you like working in the circus ?	no , just horses and monkeys . i love dogs and country music	 i do not really like country music because all they talk about is drinking beer	it is very stressful , so i surf to let it all out .	 that sounds fun . i relax with my roommate when i am done working	yeah some does that , but not all . few songs sings about a clown .	 oh they do ? which ones ? i have not heard that one before	do you surf also ? where do you live ?	 no i do not surf . i live with my roommate in virginia	i do not remember , but it was a funny song	 well i have to try and find that song . it sounds like it would be funny	are you close to the beach , is there a surfing crowd there ?
 hi , how are you doing this evening ?	i am doing fine . just studying for a college paper . how are you doing ?	 i am well . i just finished preparing a delicious shrimp alfredo !	yum . that sounds really good . i love shrimp tacos with sour cream and avocado .	 thanks ! shrimp is a favorite staple of mine . so , whats your paper on ?	american literature , the beginning of the civil rights movement . its a broad topic .	 indeed , that topic will keep you busy . you will be at it all weekend ?	yes , all weekend . i am going to an art show tomorrow night with some friends .	 i love art ! i have been looking to get a professional painting of my parrot , burt .	i am really excited . what kind of a parrot is burt ?	 no clue . he was left to me when my great aunt passed away last year .	oh i am sorry to hear that . what a great gift , a parrot . does he talk ?
 hello , i enjoy basketball while being a doctor .	that is quite a prestigious career . i work as an engineer myself .	 oh really ? do you know my wife , she is a nurse ?	why would i know your wife ?	 i heard you say things to her . our favorite place is in the mountains .	that is nice . i love to travel	 i have two kids , but not with my nurse wife .	are they from a previous marriage ?	 no i bought them through adoption .	i would not really say you bought them , just that you adopted them	 i had to pay though to adopt them , so technically i bought them .	i guess that is fair to say , it just sounds wierd .	 ya i agree . i did get to write them off on my taxes .	you would get to do that for biological children too though	 ya but the purchase price was written off on my taxes .	oh , gotcha . have you heard of bitcoin ?
 how are you doing this evening ?	i am very tired . i ran . i am very fast do like sport ?	 not really i am too busy loving being a grandmother to five boys	swimming and fishing are my best activities ,	 fun ! i like to take the dog for long walks great exercise	i wish to be in big family . my dad was killed who was a cop .	 how sad . my neighbor was a cop and i help him out at times	oh good . i miss him i want to be alone most times and i go fishing	 that has to be so hard . i can understand	i like rivers float the river , sports makes me good , i forget everything .	 nature has a way ! i enjoy getting out and going to the farmers market	you are really busy . do you have any time for you ?	 yes , i am retired so i can come and go pretty much as i please	do you have any hobby ?
hey there whats up i am watching basket ball	hello . making out lesson plans for next week .	 i used to do that before i found a job at the smoothie shop	i have 26 kindergarteners . they sure do wear you out .	 they need healthy food at that age i love vegetarian food	they sure do . mine like fruit cups in the morning .	 that is great for them haha	for some reason , this group is not too keen on yogurt .	 i love yogurt i love classic rock yogurt converts	what is a classic rock yogurt concert ?	 a concert where classic rock plays while we eat yogurt	sounds awesome . what else do you like to do ?
 hello , i am sarah . how are you doing ?	hello . i am pretty good . just glad sunday is over . how are you ?	 i am doing well . just got done tuning my guitar .	nice . my moms a music teacher in the high school .	 that is great ! although go carts is my thing to do .	awesome . i could not even afford one . i am still driving a 20 year old cranker !	 its better than nothing ! i also enjoy fishing . its somewhat calming	my dad does . i do not like go with preacher man . everything is a sermon .	 i hear you . summer is almost over .	yes . i see all the kids going back to school . wish i finished college now .	 you will get there . i would love to use more of my george foreman grill	why do not you . sounds like maybe your a great cook .	 i just love to bbq . prefer it than fast food . that is for sure !	i agree with you totally there ! i would not mind some good bbq today .	 i am with you buddy ! a good burger is sounding delicious !	it really does ! eating it while watching the last of the mahicans sounds like a good day .
 hello how are you today	i am bored . my job at the museum sucks	 what kind of museum do you work at ? i find art is sometimes boring	it is a landmark museum , i spend most of my time reading	 oh that does sound boring . what do you do when you are off	it is a landmark museum , i spend most of my time reading	 i like to go for bike rides it is one of my favorite things to do	seeing as i am in a wheelchair my options are limited but i love the park	 i am sorry you are in a wheel chair .	sweet . . . i may see you ride by lol	 you might one day i do take my bike to a lot of cool places	it is cool . i have no issues with walking people lol	 i work out to much to handle being in a wheel chair	so where are you from	 i live in kentucky where are you form	i am from dallas texas
i like being 6 feet tall . how tall are you ?	i am just a little over 6 foot so i am a little taller than you	 i see . do you like being that tall ?	yes i do , i actually have a favorite podcast that i listen to about being tall	 it is kind of a struggle for me sometimes as a woman .	yeah ? i am sorry to hear that , do you have any kids ?	 no kids . i hope my kids will be as tall as me though .	yes i do not have kids either but i hope they are tall also	 well , i hope they get our genes ! do you play basketball ?	i do tons have a park across the street from me to play	 awesome ! i played in highschool .	how old are you ?	 i am turning 30 in a couple of months !	that is awesome have a big party planned ?	 nothing yet . maybe watch some nba .	have a favorite team ?
 how are u doing tonight	i am doing well . just eating a bag of cheetos .	 yummy mine and my kids favorite	my wife hates me . hopefully you have a good relationship with your spouse .	 i do hy does your wife hate u	because i went to mexico four times this year .	 oh damn that sucks	i do not know why i go . i do not even like mexican food . lol	 well u better figure out how to fix it	i know . might have to take her skiing .	 u might have to to fix things	we both enjoy skiing . at least we have one thing in common .
 i go on long walks with my dog and my lizard . do you have any pets ?	no i just go suffering all the time	 i found out i like cooking for other people . do not suffer , come eat with us .	i am a bartender we could work together	 i grow my own food and herbs . it started as a hobby but now its a career .	people always tell me i am a good cook	 food and drinks . pretty much every body likes those two things .	yeah and i play the piano so i got it all covered	 i went to bartending school but now i am a chef and i enjoy it .	that sounds like a lot of fun	 cooking for other people gives me satisfaction in a job well done .	i understand that that is great	 bartending is too . you get to meet lots of people .	yes that is true a lt with problems and some without	 we all have problems and drama . cooking and planting flowers is peaceful .	that is true helps calm things down
 hi , how are you ?	hi . i am doing good , thank you . you ?	 i am a math professor because my favorite subject is math	that is impressive . do you have any hobbies ?	 i play soccer from time to time . . .	what is your favorite food ?	 it would have to be pizza	i like vegetarian pizza . but my favorite food is fresh fruit .	 what about fast food ?	very rarely . somehow , i am not into meat that much .	 well my little sister does not like meat that much either	does she like apples ? i could live on them .
 hello ! tell me a little about yourself	hey there , well i am not very tall . you ?	 haha , well height is not the only thing . i am a vegan ! i care about the earth	my cheeks on my face are huge which makes my eyes pop .	 oh wow ! you sound like my cat jasper ! he is the best .	i would like jasper . vegan is what i am currently reading about .	 well as a vegan barista , i can tell you there are health and planetary benefits !	i believe i am smart but i am not sure i can give up eggs and fish .	 you sound smart ! lots of people have trouble giving up eggs and fish .	was it hard for you ?	 not too bad . i distracted myself with my favorite things the color orang , roses , etc .	awesome for you but i will stick with the fish and eggs for now .	 i understand . so you are smart , not very tall , and have big cheeks ?	yeah and read . reading is what i do to relax .
i read so much today	that sounds nice i feel like i do not have time to read as much anymore	my father was always writing so its a habit	i work a lot on a computer an wish i could read actual books more	 try making it a habit !	i will ! do you have pets	 no , i travel so much cannot take care of them	that is cool where do you travel to ?	 all over , my parents were from different countries	cool ! that must be nice . do you have family all over ?	 yep	whats your favorite place youve travelled to ?	 ireland , my mothers country , been there ?	i have not but its on my list	 whats number 1 ?	i would love to g back to italy
 hi ! i am living in california , where are you at ?	living in austria the city of vienna now	 nice , my dogs a german shepard , do you see a lot of those there ?	no i do not my boyfriend walks our dog we have been together 5 yrs	 congrats ! i like to go surfing with my girlfriend	my boyfriend and i live near a river but do not surf	 do you guys like cars ? as a mechanic i fix up my corvette often	we have jobs in it no car we work from home	 oh that sounds nice too	i have seen lots of cars in london my place of birth	 cool , i see a lot of cars as a mechanic too	have you ever been to london ?	 no i have not , i have never gone out of california	i have visited los angeles only once	 you should visit more often , the beach is very relaxing	i would like to try and surf one day
 hi , i am joe . how are you ?	great ! i am sarah . how are you ?	 just getting ready to hit the clubs . the night is looking good	really ? i love to go dancing . it is what i do on my weekends .	 it is my favorite thing . my girl never wants to come out though	that is too bad . my guy and i go out to pizza after dancing all night .	 i love her anyway . i just hang with my friends	does she like to go shopping ? i love shoe shopping .	 that sounds like her . you two would be friends	right . except she does not like going out to clubs .	 ha ha . maybe square dancing ?	no . salsa or swing are my favorites .	 you sound full of life	yes . what else do you like to do ?	 i am working on my self . yoga and meditation	that is great ! i am more into cooking .
 hey hows it going ?	hi , i am doing excellent . how are you today ?	 i am doing great too , do you have any hobbies ?	yes , i have several . i love swimming , yoga , and shopping . how about you ?	 that is cool , and i love singing and cooking especially on sundays	that sounds awesome . do you have any kids ?	 no i do not	i do not either . is there any special dishes you like to cook on sundays ?	 i actually love to cook breakfast on sunday .	oh , that sounds good . what do you usually prepare ? any favorite breakfast ?	 my pancakes are amazing not to brag . tell me more about you .	i am single , no kids as i said before . i work monday through friday .	 i am single but i am into women and i work at a news weather station .	do you have any other hobbies you like to do ?
hello , how are you this beautiful day ?	how are you doing today	 i am great . just celebrated my 3rd wedding anniversary with my husband last night .	i am good what about you	 i am still doing good , lol	well congrats to you and your husband	 thank you ! what about you ? do you have a family ?	yes i will be getting marked next tuesday	 org , that is fantastic ! ! congratulations ! !	thanks do you have kids	 unfortunately , no i do not . i do however have two small dogs , peanut and jelly .	awwww that is cute do you want kids	 yes , i really do . we would have to adopt though .	oh i am sorry to hear that	 its okay , really . what about you ? are you looking forward to mini yous ?	i have 1 girl and 2 boys we want one more girl
hey , did you see the latest reality show last night ?	i am not sure . what is it called ?	 living in a barn with the pigs for 6 months , strangest but best one yet .	sounds funny . do you have any hobbies ?	 not many , just lost my job here in kansas as a farmhand .	that is too bad . hope you find a new one . i am a welder	 now that is a good job . underwater ?	no . above water . not a good swimmer	 i want to move somewhere very warm . any suggestions ?	maybe arizona . florida is probably not good now	 yeah . sad about florida and texas and all those fires in the nw .	too many disasters all at once are you in the midwest ?	 yeah the middle of canada , above mn	wow that is pretty and pretty cold in the winter too	 well i live in canada but was looking for work	i here the dakotas have a lot of oil jobs
 hello how are you today	hi there ! doing great , i am on the way to work but it takes forever !	 i get headaches just thinking about work	me too , but i like to put on podcasts to speed up the drive !	 honestly i have never been to work . what do you do ?	unfortunately unable to work too hard being a diabetic so i do a small side accounting job	 sorry at least you do not have to deal with a sister in law that hates you	that is true , reading is a hobby of mine to escape reality	 botox is my escape which i really am in need of right now	i need some too , god i hate this traffic	 was accounting always your first career choice ?	no way i only did it for the money	 i was a design fashion major , never used my degree	what do you do now ?	 botox , mostly a haircut every now and then	i need a new haircut maybe you can help me
 hey there how are you	hows it going ?	 just another day haha how are you ?	same , just recovering from work . what do you do ?	 well i am a mom . raising 2 girls is a job in itself	wow awesome ! i do not have kids but hopefully soon . have any hobbies ?	 yea actually . when my husband is not at work .	cool . i play guitar and video games . do you like music ?	 i do like music . but i enjoy being outside . mountain climbing , hiking , camping etc	sweet . i like hiking with my dog , but he has some behavior issues	 oh yes i can imagine .	yeah . i work from home and so he is kind of overly attached	 we will see you are kind of a parent already haha	yeah i guess so haha
 hello , i am from london , england !	hi , that sounds really cool . i am eating tacos for lunch .	 yummy ! do you like comedy ?	i do like comedy but would rather go swimming .	 i really enjoy comedy . but i like the outdoors as well .	i work in an officer answering the phones and marking the calendar . love the outdoors too .	 so do i . however , i am also a model building enthusiast .	one of my cats is orange . i love that color . the other two are gray .	 i have a cat too , since i lost both my parents in an accident .	model building takes skill . so sorry about your parents .	 thank you . do you enjoy camping ? i like to camp .	i take my jeep out and go camping .	 is it a four door or two door ?	two door . i love the shorter wheel base .
 hello . how are you tonight ?	i am great ! reading a great book . and you ?	 doing math homework , which is my favorite subject .	really ? i am not in school . what are you going for ?	 i am in high school in the united states .	oh ok . fun ! do you have any pets ?	 two dogs and a cat . how about you ?	i have two cute dogs . loe them . do you have favorite foods ?	 i really like pizza . i eat it a lot after practicing with the ice hockey team .	oh cool ! i love to cook ! have plenty of recipes for pizza	 i do not cook . not a thing for boys if you know what i mean .	yes i do . are you tall ?	 i am just average size .	ah . what color hair do you have ?	 i have short brown hair . what about you ?	i have long red hair ! natural red head
 hi how are you this night	i am doing great , listening to the waves crash on the beach . how are you ?	 very cool . i wanted to swim on the sea but i never did .	i love it here . my parents are teachers and wanted to retire on the beach .	 enjoy ! i lost my mother long years ago . i miss her .	that would be hard , what kind of music do you like ?	 i am not good with music but i like watch anime .	i have never watched it , does it have pop music ?	 i listen but not much . are you	it is always playing at mcdonalds , i have become used to it .	 what kinds of food do you like . i like meat .	i love cheeseburgers and fries .	 me too . i had worked at mcdonalds when i was very young .	i love their healthy , fresh salads . where are you from ?
 hello how are you today ?	i am good . how are you ?	 great i am eating tacos .	i love the meat in tacos . i am definitely not a vegetarian .	 neither is my cat , fluffy	i have a cat now that i do not travel the usa anymore	 i sleep talk just so you know .	i do not know if i do . i worked making boxes at a factory .	 i really really like hot dogs	i do too . i work online now since i stopped playing guitar .	 i view sunday films mostly .	do you like music ? like story so far the band ?	 mostly metal the folk kind .	that is neat . they are my favorite band so i asked .	 i really like waffles too	is that the band or the food ?
 hello tell me about yourself	i love to work out and my body is so tone !	 i just came back from london and i am jet lagged !	do you like video games ? i have tons . . .	 i love video games but i get agitated very easy when i die so much	you should go out driving that may help	 i just pray and meditate , i am religious	my wife loves it when i drive her around on sundays	 but il love watching game shows they are relaxing	its good to pray , it works for my son , he gets straight as .	 very true i will be happy as long as there is not green beans around	we have very close hobbies , i love to play video games .	 i agree i like first person shooters , you ?	funny , what is wrong with green beans ? i love it .
 hey how are you doing ?	i am great , how are you ?	 i am doing quite well today	good to hear . do you have any animals ?	 no my mom is allergic	oh that is no fun , i have a couple dogs	 maybe when i am 11 i can get a fish	nice goal , how old are you now ?	 i am only 10 years old	wow what an age difference , i am 10 years old . are you male or female ?	 you are also 10 ? that is wild . i am a boy	sorry no , 30 but i am also a male	 i am arnold , what is your name ?	my name is matt . anything new going on with you ?	 not really , just drinking juice	what kind of juice is it ?
 hi there . how are ya ?	hi i am pretty good . my allergies are really acting up today .	 sorry to hear that . i always had bad allergies when i liven on my farm in kansas .	i live on a farm too , a pig farm .	 mine is a horse farm . i love horses and horseback riding . do you like pigs ?	no . i do not like animals at all . i would rather live in a city .	 sorry to hear that . do you have kids ?	no i do not . do you ?	 yep . three daughters . my house is crazy .	are you a vegetarian ? i am because of living on the pig farm .	 no but i do not blame you . do you have any hobbies ?	i like to do research on different cities . you ?	 i go scuba diving with my wife a lot .	that sounds fun and adventurous .	 it really is . i live in detroit so we have to do it in the lake though .	you should go to a tropical island and do it in the ocean .
 i am bill and all my attire is purple .	that s cool purple is my jersey in soccer	 i have a job at wendys . what do you do ?	i m still a full time student but my brother is serving in the navy	 very cool . i gotta walk home from work every night . 3 miles .	that s so cool you should try to get some mashed potato getting home that s my favorite	 we have baked potatos there .	here you mean yes big cans vegan is my diet	 i should go vegan . i want to study krav maga . looking for a dojo .	try to see the game of thrones i really like those	 i love game of thrones !	really why do you like it so much	 i have been folowing it for years . i love that kind of drama .	me too i really like it so much	 i also like the gifted . good show .	oh i should see that one tomorrow
 hey , how are you today ?	very good . what is your favorite superhero ? mine is flash	 i am in the nfl . the fantasy league version .	summer or winter ? i like summer more .	 are you from georgia ? i am	i am not . are there many butterflies there ? i like butterflies .	 i am a winter fan honestly	it might be unusual but i type using one hands only .	 there are plenty of them here . i do the same	do you like dresses ? i hate them .	 i am a fan of them	very good to know . tell me more about you .	 i like the nfl and also college football	i love other football called soccer .	 i am a fan of it too	we should watch game together .
hey there how are you ? i am just listening to music to relax	i great , , just got married to my best husband in the world ,	 my most fav season is coming an i love green so it just flows .	mine is winter , i like to go run in the snow with my two dogs	 awe how sweet ! congrats ! i enjoy tennis alot .	do you have a favorite band	 really ? too cold i will be in doors watching all the funny movies lol	mine is old school , radiated	 no i do not , do you ?	yes , i just told you , , matter a fact i got playing the background	 cool , when did you marry your husband ?	in a church right by my house . .
hello , do you like jess greenberg ? she is my favorite singer .	i am sorry , i am not familiar with her . i enjoy reading	 that is okay . reading is nice too . what do you do for a living ?	i am a teacher . i am quite passionate about it . what about you ?	 i am a freelancer . last week i cleaned gutters for money .	do you enjoy doing that type of work ?	 no but it allows me to do the things i do enjoy , like archery .	i understand . where do you go to enjoy archery ?	 the woods and there is an archery center near my house .	that is great . do you live alone or are you happily married ?	 i am happily engaged . how do you get around ? i drive a motorcycle .	i want to buy a new car but my husband is being a stiff .	 you should get a bike too . but do not get a harley .	why not a harley ? what about an indian bike ?	 i am not sure what you mean by indian bike .	indian motorcycles ? you should look them up they are better harleys
 hi ! how are you ? ghosts are cool , are not they ?	hi i am trucker , and i love cooking	 great ! are you good ? professional cook ? do you like cooking for bigger crowds ?	i love to do it . i know spanish , latin and french	 great ! i asked , because i plan weddings and maybe i could have used you .	i would love to do it . i am a nature lover and i love to bike	 nice ! so many languages ? where are you from ? what do you do ?	i am us . how about you ?	 me too , us . what music do you like ?	my mom teaches kids in school . she wants me to do teaching too .	 but what do you want ? when i was little , i saw myself as an architect .	i like jazz , rap . how about you ?	 i am into music from the 80s	i want to become a chef	 my advise it to pursue your passions ! good luck !	will do definitely . thank for the support .
 do you go to ymca ? how about scary movies ?	no i do not . i am too busy with work at the diner .	 as a ymca member , i can get free tickets to scary movies .	that is cool . hat do you do for a living ?	 what type of diner ? do you like music ? i love the piano .	i have my own cupcake business . i sing along to music in the shower	 still learning to play the piano though . . .	i am never on time for anything	 i am not working now , but would like to be a pianist	that would be awesome	 sorry to heard that , i have issues with cats	why ? are you allergic to them ?	 it gives me allergies , we all have our short comings .	oh okay . that is understandable
 how are you doing this lovely day ?	i am good , how about yourself ?	 just taking a break from knitting my daughter a sweater . my hands are so sore !	oh nice , my hands are too i just finished restoring a mustang today	 congratulations ! that is not easy work at all . my office job is a bore compared to that	thank you , i am in college so i know all to well about being bored haha	 what are you majoring in ? i major in shopping . . ahahah	haha nice , i am majoring in acting . i want to star in action movies .	 that is really awesome . i hope i see ya on the big screen	i hope to get there one day , if not i will become a doctor like my father	 it could be worse . that is an admirable job as well	i will go and play some football and think more about my major , its a hard decision	 physical exertion might help make that decision	yes i could not agree more with that .
 hello , care to chat with a female educator ?	of course . how are you doing ?	 i am good . enjoyed my favorite movie magic mike . how about you ?	nice i am good as well . just wore out from hiking .	 oh nice ! you must enjoy hiking like i do singing .	being outside enjoying nature is a passion of mine .	 oh sounds nice . so where are you from	its hard to get time for it though . i am from st . louis mo . you ?	 the big apple . whats it like out that way ?	its great here . plenty of places to eat out as well as entertainment options .	 oh nice ! might need to visit one day . check out the video game stores too .	are you a fan of gaming ?
 i am frank . nice to meet you . what is your name ?	my name is gary . great to meet you too .	 i work as a general manager at a grocery store . what about you ?	i am an insurance salesman	 do you have any hobbies ? i like to ready and go cycling	i like snowboarding and horseback riding .	 do you have any dreams ? i hope to compete professionally or qualify for an event one day	that is interesting . i would love to start my own insurance company .	 that is so cool . how do you like to spend your free time ?	i like watching movies with my wife .	 i like to travel up to canada to enjoy the view and relax on weekends .	canada is great for winter sports too .	 have you even been to canada for snowboarding ?	no , there is a place outside milwaukee i go .	 you should try going to canada one day . it is really beautiful there .	i will make sure and check it out .
hi how are you today ?	not great , my hair turned out purple . . . you ?	 what color di you want it to be ?	i love red . . so i was upset it did not turn out	 sorry to hear that do you have pets ?	i do two turtles . . . scarlet and rhett . you ?	 i like to collect bugs and stuff	my turtles eat bugs sorry	 well my bugs will band together and eat your turtle ! !	wow . . . tough bugs . have you watched any good films lately	 no i spend all my time running for political office	that is ambitious . . . . any luck with that ?	 i ran in 2004 but i lost	sorry to hear that . that takes a lot of work and time	 i also build computers and stuff	i could use a new computer , mine like my favorite movie is gone with the wind
 how are you doing today ?	i won a game of golf today so i am good . winning is awesome	 i just realized i have so many interesting stuffs about me	i can usually tell if i am going to like somebody right away	 that s pretty awesome ! just done with my radio job as a voice	coffee is important for my golf game	 would you like someone who can use six languages	that would be cool and smart .	 coz i can use do that . but i have edged weapons	edged weapons can be dangerous . be careful not to have too much coffee	 the first child for test in sesame street , i was that !	oh so you like sunny days too . i think that was in sesame streets theme	 i was careful until the fire in the forest in california	gotta love those sunny days in california . like a thing of the past these days
 hi how are you ? i can also say this in french and arabic	bien , y tu aujourd hui ?	 wow ! i am impressed ! where are you from ? my family comes from algeria	i am from north america . i learned french was in 9th grade . that was years ago	 what do you do ? i make coffee	i work from home . and i just opened my own online clothing shop in august	 congrats ! what do you like to do in your spare time ?	www . cafepress . com lelesfashionshop1 if you want to check it out	 thanks ! i like hiking on weekends . what music do you like ?	thank you . in my spare time i go bike riding with my family and write poetry	 that is nice ! i like jazz music and play the piano in a band , which i enjoy	i like rap , r b , jazz , and reggae music	 nice ! do you have any pets ?	no . but i used to have a feist dog that does not grow anymore
 hello ! how are you today ?	hello , i am well . i was just thinking about jazz . do you listen to it ?	 no . my boyfriend does though . he says it helps with his job at nasa .	last time i had a boyfriend i got metal in my knee	 oh goodness ! how did that happen to you ?	we we are walking after the dance and i tripped and fell in a pile of steel nails	 oh no ! i am so sorry . my mothers would say that is something i would do .	i love my family . do you have any pets ?	 no pets . my mothers own a dog though . i am too forgetful for a pet .	how nice , whats its name ? i own 3 dogs and a red horned back parrot . rare	 bubba , i know my mother is bad with names and my other mom laughs at it .	how pleasant . do you like food ?	 i love food . spaghetti and meatballs are the best	you ever have a little capacoal ? a little mortal ?
 hello , i have a cat name leroy jenkins . do you have a cat ?	hi no i do not have any pets .	 i wish that i had a real dragon that i could train .	dragons are cool they get huge tho . i wish i could visit california .	 california would be nice . i have not been there .	i have not either i have only been places on the east coast and texas	 the east coast would be nice . i like to play videogames , do you ?	sometimes , what kind of games do you play ?	 i play retro videogames on my 386 . you ?	i play rpgs on my xbox . have you ever done anything out of the rare ?	 i am not familiar with the rare . have you ?	i meant anything rare , yeah i was on the news for catching the biggest fish in florida
 good afternoon , how are you today ?	i am great , just heading into class and then off to work at walmart . hbu ?	 well , normally i would be out flying my kite but with the hurricane i am staying in .	oh are you in florida ? i would be scared for my 4 cats .	 my car died tuesday so i was worried but i was able to get it fixed friday .	oh that is good . do you like music ?	 i do ! i listen to it when i work out .	nice ! whats your favorite band ? mine is metallica .	 i like red hot chilli peppers .	they are really cool too .	 yes , i like turn of the century bands .	yeah they are definitely good too .
 hey how are you today ?	tired i work 3rd shift at the hilton	 oh okay my brother runs a studio	if it was not raining i would be out surfing	 that is cool . one of my brothers lives in hollywood	nice i love snow but no snow in sacramento	 i understand . i do not get to travel as much as i would like	one day i hope to go to ucla	 that would be cool . my wife can not hear	i could not imagine a robert deniro movie with no sound	 it is not the same . i watch it with my 100 year old parents	wow count your stars my mom passed last year	 i am so sorry . i am glad i still get to spend time with them	it is fine she passed in her sleep so no pain	 that is good . do you have siblings	just the one left . my brother passed in iraq
 hi , how are you today ?	i am great ! i took a long walk on the beach today !	 awesome ! i am not much of a people person	maybe you should take upon cooking ! i love cooking at home by myself .	 i am a sucker for sweets so i bake pies and cakes .	i love cooking and baking anything blue ! its my favorite color !	 that is my moms favorite color , i live to satisfy her .	i do not speak with my mother anymore . she does not watch game of thrones with me .	 ll , cool show . i like the walking dead	have not really been interested in zombies ahahah .	 its a great show . what do you do for a living ?	i am currently unemployed but i am trying to find work .	 i am between jobs , i do construction , painting and etc .	pop music keeps me going through the job hunt though !
hello , how are you this morning ?	good just back from my daily run	 i used to run , i am practicing my song for the talent show .	nice i love running and yoga but hate vegetables	 i do not like veggies either . i am very shy , are you an outgoing person ?	yeah my strength makes me a big help at the dog shelter	 i love dogs ! do you have one ?	i have 2 dogs but i am so tall we cant all fit on couch	 that is too bad , i do not have one yet .	aww everyone should have a dog	 i agree , we never had one when i was a kid . not enough room .	i grew up in apartments so i understand	 where do you live now ?	memphis is where the work brought me	 i love memphis ! graceland is my favorite place .	i miss michigan where my grandmother raised us
hey , do you watch a lot of tv ?	yes i love watching german tv	 oh , i guess you would not really watch my show then . that is fine	do you have a favorite animal ?	 hmm , i spent a lot of time with elephants , maybe those .	mine is a tiger . and i am not lion !	 do you want to listen to some music ?	sure . i love polka music . what kind of music did you have in mind ?	 country only if i am being honest	i willie like country music too . as good as cash . parton my bad jokes ! hehe	 i do not like jokes . they cause a lot of scenes to be messed up	ah . es tut mir leid . do you play basketball ?	 not really , do you want to teach me ?	yes . it is easy when you are my height .
 wanna meet my cat leroy jenkins ?	you have a cat named leroy , how did you come up with that ?	 its an old nerd joke . i spend my time playing retro games on my 386 .	lol . ok i was not familiar , what is a 386 ? is it older than an atari ?	 an old pc . i am kinda nerdy . i wear suspenders and fantasize about dragons .	oh wow i guess i work to much to play games , over 60 hours a week .	 sorry . the worst part of my job is the ink stains i get on my shirt .	what do you do for a living ? you work in a print shop ?	 yes actually . i have ink on all of my shirts now . and my suspenders chafe .	yeah that must get annoying . i work in a restaurant .	 sounds stressful . must be busy .	very busy but when i get a day off i cut loose .	 that is good . its good to relax every now and then .	yeah but sometimes i get a little crazy .
 hi i like reading what do you enjoy doing ?	hello ! i like movies and tv shows , mostly british ones .	 that sounds interesting i read alot on the weekends	that is interesting . being retired from programming computers i have a lot of free time too .	 i have been reading since i was three . that sounds interesting .	wow ! i hope my only daughter can teach my only grandson how to that early .	 my parents said i was so interested they had to teach me i know french also .	that is awesome . do you have any other likes or hobbies ?	 yes i would like to go back to school since i did not finish . you ?	i would love to volunteer rescuing animals since i love them so much .	 that is very sweet i like animals also do you have any ?	yes , i have a zoo . dog , cat , mice , chickens , and quail .	 that is cool . i have two dogs . i do not like mice though	i do not mind them in a cage . they belong to my child	 i understand they just scare me i do not know why . anything for our kids .	i understand that but i really do love all types of animals
 hello my name is ted . big plans for the weekend ?	just got done at dance practice . you ?	 i am just hanging out . my boyfriend is working this weekend so i am bored .	i just lost my banking job a month ago , so i am bored too .	 oh no what do you do in your free time ?	dance . and i jost got engaged , so wedding planning .	 i could never get married . i would forget my ring everywhere !	i love my ring . its gorgeous . he designed it himself .	 wow what are you serving at the wedding ? i love spaghetti myself .	i have not decided on a menu yet , but we are going to be in paris .	 how lovely paris is magnificent !	it is gorgeous . my fiancee is from france .	 wow you are so lucky . french accents are sexy !	oui oui ! i am trying to learn french .
hello i enjoy veterans since i am a old veteran	hello . how are you doing today ?	 i was born and raised in kentucky i am well thank you	that is nice . did you like it there ?	 what are your hobbies i prefer to read alot	i like watching television when i have free time .	 yes i did , where are you from	i also like to play sports a lot	 sports are awesome , they promote team work	i agree . i am from the west coast .	 enders game are awesome reads	i have never heard of that .	 you should google it and check it out	i have crashed my cat twice in my life	 well that is not good at all	i meant to say car by the way . i have no cats .
hi do you have any weekend plans ?	hi , harvesting . who are you ? i am a farmer , married and have 2 pet dogs , and you ?	 sounds busy . i am a grandmother and love spending time with my three grandsons .	i hope to travel the world some day .	 i am a homebody . enjoy being at home	i like photography and hiking and my favorite music is rock , what about you ?	 i enjoy going to park and bird watching . love country music	that is cool i got to run have a great day !	 hope you have a great day too	ok , then , bye	 hope you are not in the way of irma	nah , its dry here .
hey , hows it going ? you safe from the floods and fires ?	hello there . yes i am safe and so are all my children and you ?	 we are , thank you . do you like to garden ?	no . i prefer listening to music while drawing . what do you do on your free time ?	 i garden and i paint and do a little pottery . keeps me sane , i am an older man .	that is nice . i like watching movies on my free time . do you have any children ?	 i do , i have two . they are about to finish up school in a few years .	that is great ! i am a mother of five . i rarely get any free time .	 enjoy it while you can . my youngest and i went to a ween concert last night .	although i truly like any type of music i have not heard of ween surprisingly .	 they are my favorite , it takes a little getting used too .	i will try giving it a listen ! what would you say is your favorite movie ?	 currently , captain america civil war .	that is a great movie ! my favorite would be moan my kids love it !	 my daughter loves that one too . my son thinks he is maui .	that is funny ! i have drawn almost all disney characters from the movies
 hi how are you today	i am fine and enjoying summer . how about you ?	 pretty good where do you live ?	i live by a terrific lake with lots of water sports .	 oh i am in nashville	nice , so are you part of the music scene there ?	 in my spare time yes , you ?	no , i enjoy walking and reading and falling in love .	 do you get your own groceries ?	no , mom buys and fixes all the food in the household .	 oh does she go to the farmers market	yes , we have a nice one here .	 where do you work at	do not work , just go to school which is not fun .
hey , are you my next customer ? i have been painting all day	i love to paint also ! i have been working on my computer all day .	 what were you working on ?	i am an accountant and very busy .	 oh , i see . i just paint all day . i dream of finishing giant murals one day .	that sounds like fun ! i love to go to hockey games when i can .	 i have never been to a hockey game !	it is really fun ! i like to take my mom when she is not with my grandmother .	 that is so sweet of you .	maybe we can text each other sometime ? i hate talking on the phone !	 sure ! you should come to my art exhibit too .	i would love to ! let me know the date .	 i will as soon as it is confirmed with the office .	i would love to take you to a hockey game .
hey there how are you ?	i am a little tired . just got off my nursing shift at the hospital . and you ?	 oh bummer i am sorry i am doing fine about to go to paris actually !	wow , that is great . sounds like fun . i am gonna read a little bit before starting dinner .	 yeah paris is the best vacation spot even if you are trying to read in a caf .	i love going to mexico . i love eating mexican food and you cant get anymore authentic .	 super true but there are not many opera halls or things like that there !	i get my kids into cooking at home . we make a lot of mexican dishes here .	 how pleasant i do not cook because i am too tall to use anything in my kitchen	oh my , never heard that before . cooking and reading are my favorite .	 yeah it just is a pain because everything is made for average sized people .	awe , that is bad . too bad you cant change that .	 its unfortunate but a lot of things like my bentley are adjustable so that is a plus	well that is good then . definitely a plus .	 i guess its the simple pleasures in life like cooking and paris right	so true . cant ask for anymore , lol .
 hey i am allie , i love to bake cookies . but cant eat them	hi allie i am rod i also love cookies and running wild .	 running wild ? like in an open field ?	yes because my favorite band is american eagle	 awesome , have you tried something called a bagel ? i love them !	not yet lets have a dinner i will pick you up with my chevy truck	 can dinner come after a run in that field . i wanna try	yes but i do not eat vegetables i like spending time with my family .	 oh i love vegetables , carrots are my favorite and coke drink	i do not drink soda it will make me fat	 you can run it off in that field	yes i can do that if you want i can drift it	 yay ! two cokes for dinner , i will make cookies too	i do not love sweets just be careful you drink too much soda	 i only drink coke from china , and it is hard to find in the usa	just run after you drink a coke so it will burn like me	 yes this is very true	i have prove it to myself because before i was really fat .	 were you happy when you were fat ?	no not at all i feel i am alone when i am fat	 oh there are so many of us fat people , never feel alone	but mine is different i am a bed ridden before that is why i am alone .
 hi , i am todd , when i grow up i want to be superman ! how are you ?	wow awesome . my last name is juarez , my family is from sicily .	 i read comic books everyday , what do you do ? love italy !	i work in the tech industry , kinda have a knack for it .	 never been to sicily , is it like italy ? what is a tech industry ?	yes it sure is . i work with computers . give them orders and they listen well .	 i pretend to be superman and save people . i have xray vision	what an unusual skill . you could probably make a lot of money with that .	 people listen to superman , too . computers mind ? like kids ?	yes , computers will act just like children if you let them .	 i do not have any money . when i save people they just say thanks	give them an invoice next time . freedom is not free . you know ?	 are they grounded when they do not ? stood in the corner ?	all computers have some kind of grounding . it protects the user from electrocution .
hey yo . what up up up	ok , just winding down . i was drumming for the high school . you ?	 wow , that sounds so fun !	it is . that and collecting flicks with my dad . we have over 600 of them .	 oh wow ! i deal blackjack	right on ! that sounds fun !	 yes ! except when people beat eachother up	over cards ? that is odd .	 yeah , it is brutal . full on ufc up in here	jeez . i want to do directing when i get older . for movies .	 nice ! how old are you ? i have a bunch of kids	i am seventeen . i will be eighteen in march .	 17 rocks . have fun while you can	so everyone keeps telling me .	 i am becoming a casino manager	well that sounds cool if not for the fighting .
hi there . how are you doing today ?	i am doing well yourself	 i am doing ok . what do you like to do ?	i watch nascar races on sundays	 i like to go outside and listen to my neighbors argue . it is my entertainment .	must be interesting to hear them fight	 yes , better then watching tv dramas	i am gonna go grab a big mac in a short while . i love mcdonalds	 i am thinking about getting a dog , but it is a big responsibility .	my dad teaches high school and my mom teaches the 4th grade .	 my mom is a make up artist at a salon .	that is awesome ! ! not much into make up . i want to own a beach house	 i love make up , clothes , jewelry , and purses . people think i am shallow and i think so too .	yeah i am a guy that is not my thing .
 hi how are you doing ?	pretty good thanks and you ?	 i am good thanks for asking	do you like to watch sports ?	 not really i am always outdoors	cool i made the baseball team	 and what team is that ?	for my college . i wana go pro	 what are you going to school for ?	to get better and better at baseball	 you do not have a back up ?	i am the shortstop i do not play backup
 hello . i made pancakes for breakfast , what are you having ?	pancakes sound delicious ! i just had some fruit .	 i love dried fruit , i take it hiking with me .	that is fun . i love watching football with my friends .	 my new girlfriend does too , who is your favorite team ?	the patriots . we all find it to be great fun to watch the games together .	 browns country here , that is why my friends and i prefer to hike , lol	cool . i have actually visited there once .	 cleveland is a great city .	it was an interesting place to visit . i did have some fun there .	 there is a great restaurant on ontario street . the best pancakes !	i wish i had known about it back then .	 only a few blocks from the browns stadium	that is good to know if i ever get back out there .
 hello from argentina , how are you today ?	greetings from boston , i am great . you ?	 great , just going for a horseback ride in my new boots !	wow fun . i wish i could ride . i can not even swim well .	 i have a lot of women in my life who love to swim , are you married ?	i am not sure i do not think so .	 my favorite food is beef ! and i love boots , what can i say !	so watch out cows . i have a terrible confession to male .	 what is your confession ? sounds juicy . . .	it is terrible . you know nickelback ? i listen to their music .	 i do know them , this is how you remind me , of what i really am .	so awful right ? yet i like this stuff . maybe because i am vegan .	 fair enough , i have multiple girlfriends , do not tell my leiden !	well my catholicism gets in the way of multiple gfs .	 jesus agrees , we are also catholic in argentina . where we ride our horses , in boots .	i work in a library , no boots allowed .
 hi there i moved to the usa when i was 14 , are you from here ?	yes i am from here . i am thirty now . how old are you ?	 i m in my 30s as well and i have 3 kids .	i have 2 kids . we are similar .	 yes my mom and dad only speak italian so i know both languages .	nice to be bilingual . by the way i have two cats .	 that is really cool . what are their names ?	kiki and kaka are their names .	 ooh nice . i got married before i was out of high school .	early bird . i married a very nice guy i met in college .	 aww that is sweet . do you cook ? it is my favorite hobby ?	i do but i am not very good at it .	 i hear that , my kids have a hard time with it to .	i take them on nature walk . they like that .	 nature walks are a lot of fun .	yes they enjoy it more than my cooking , haha .
 names jackie and i have lived a sheltered life	nothing wrong with that , jackie . i am gerard and i myself am a bit of a hermit .	 my parents are strict and i cannot even drive and 17 years old	well , i feel old . i am almost three times your age . do you ever have any fun ?	 not really , i about to raise hell and rebel to get my way .	you have a lot in common with my son . i always encourage music . do you play ?	 i am in some ways but music is strict in this house .	yikes . give them time . they will come around . any other interests ?	 i attend st . joseph catholic high school in new england .	new england is a beautiful place to grow up . i work in connecticut now . nice weather .	 yeah it is . it is nice but small .	what do you plan to do when you graduate ? will you travel ? any grandiose dreams ?	 i will be graduating next year .	a very exciting time . of course , for me , it was 30 years ago . ha !
 hi , i am a farmer from kansas , but i am looking for a new farm .	oh down in kansas ? i have been there , so much land perfect for hunting on .	 yeah , my farm was foreclosed on so i am wanting to move somewhere warmer .	that must be pretty hard on you , how is your family taking this upheaval ?	 pretty ok i guess . its only been a month since the foreclosure .	well have been keeping yourself busy so you do not get too depressed ?	 i watch a lot of reality shows on vh1 and mtv to entertain myself .	that is good ! some kind of creative expression might specifically help a lot too	 yeah , i was a farmhand so i never really had time for creativity .	you could try singing , i love singing	 i could try country music haha .	sure ! that could be really good for you , and your family .	 yeah , it would definitely lighten the atmosphere .	are you married ? do you have kids ?
hi ! how are you ? i am the oldest of 3 boys	cool i am 30 and i have never had a kiss . well from a woman anyways	 no fun ! the drums is my thing . i play in a band .	that is awesome ! i know i will kiss a woman one day	 i am sure you will ! my mom was also a single mom	yep like i always say if you believe it you can achieve it	 yes ! where i grew up it was hard in the projects of chicago !	o wow i bet it was tough ! do you like gossip ? i love it	 yes i do ! and shows that gossip !	me too ! people always say i am so organized	 i am so unorganized its bad !	i can help you fix that !	 i need help in that area !	ok well you help me kiss a girl and i will help you organize lol	 sounds like a good deal to me !	do you have any hobbies ?
 hello , how are you today ?	i am great ! today is wednesday which means it is bingo night !	 awesome ! i have three kids and am trying to get pregnant again , so i cannot go .	how exciting ! family is everything to me . my husband loves bingo too so he will come .	 that is so nice of him ! my husband will not go .	do you stay home with your kids all day ?	 i do not , i am an er nurse . i work three days a week .	that is a commendable profession . i retired after knee surgery .	 ouch , does it still bother you ?	only when it is cold out . practically the whole thing is metal now .	 i bet that is uncomfortable , my son has pins in his ankle that bother him .	oh no ! i am sorry to hear that . children should never have to experience such pain .	 it was his own fault , he was playing football on an ankle he knew was broken .	football is dangerous to begin with . he needs a safe outlet , like playing jazz .
 hello ! what is your favorite pie ?	my favorite pie ? panty pie .	 that is not a real pie silly . i make awesome pecan .	i like pecan pie with a scoop of ice cream . good stuff .	 ya . what are you doing today ?	i am drinking coffee right now . i think i am gonna watch some netflix . karate in the garage .	 i do not have a garage . my apartment is not worth the price they are charging .	ouch . where do you live ? city or state , i mean .	 city . i should go pass the bar so i can afford a better place	i am thinking about becoming a cfa . chartered financial analyst .	 that would be interesting . did you go to school for that or is it entry level ?	i study online . i do not want to pay for school . so many free online resources .	 true . i get sick of people so staying home is a good plan	me too . yeah it takes just a little self control and discipline . i am a work in progress .
 hello ! how are you ?	i am fine i work as r and d for del taco	 what is an r and d ? i like animals so i do not eat meat !	research and development but i fell up in a stairs	 how did you do that ? i am 77 and i still have not fallen !	really ? i think because i am a designer of a potato fries	 wow ! very interesting . my grandson and granddaughter love fries !	if you went they can come here	 what types of fries do you make ?	potato and sweet potato is my specialty	 wow i would love to have some of those when watching my british tv shows !	what is your favorite tv show ?	 the walking dead ! i am also retired but i was a computer programmer	what do you program and why ?	 i do not remember anymore i am too old !	its ok just make sure you know how stuff works
hi , there i am john . how are you doing today ?	hey whats for dinner ? sorry food is literally all i think about haha	 i am happy with anything . as long as there is not a long wait !	right ? i am addicted to shopping and at the mall the lines suck ! !	 absolutely , last time i was in a mall was for senior prom photos !	wow . where are you from ?	 canada , but i wish i could just tour the world with justin bieber . you ?	haha you love justin bieber huh ? i am in the states . canada would be cool	 who does not ? so , do you have a spouse ? kids ?	no . neither . i do not like getting close to anyone so . . .	 gotcha . my sister wants me to find someone , have a family . but i am only 22 !	yeathats young . live a little first . you like the outdoors ?
 hi ! how is your weekend ?	its going well , how has yours been ?	 its been ok , a little loney since my vestie moved away .	that is too bad , have you done anything fun this weekend ?	 not really just hung around the house . this summer was fun though . i visited japan .	did you travel anywhere else this year ?	 no , have you traveled any where ?	not this year , i just bought a condo . short of cash	 understandable . i start school next week . i will be a highschool senior this year .	i graduated from high school a long time ago !	 i cannot wait to graduate ! i want to be a painter like my mom !	do you take a lot of art classes in high school ?
 hi , how are you today ?	i am fantastic . i just got my two kids to bed .	 oh . i just got back from volunteering at the animal shelter .	rock on . i stay at home and sell clothes on facebook .	 cool . are you religious ? i have not told my parents i am wiccan yet .	i am the wife of a pastor . spirituality is important in our home .	 oh . i grew up in a un religious home .	god is always around , i hope he does not mind that i do not like cleaning .	 haha . i do not either .	so do you think your parents will be ok with your decision ?	 i am really not sure . i am worried to talk to them .	because of the lack of religion , or because of the basis of wicca ?	 because of the basis of wicca .	although i do not agree with it , i have known good people that are wiccan .
 hey how are you doing today	i am fantastic . i just bought a new ergonomic keyboard and chair . its comfortable .	 sounds comfortable i could use those at my new job	they are amazing ! i am really into the science of ergonomics . how are you today ?	 i am good i had a nice bike ride this am	i bet you are tired . i like to take long naps after working out . you ?	 lol you sound like the cats in my office i am a vet	cats have the right idea , i am telling you . start off slow and taper off .	 i have been feeling slow since i started my vegan diet . do you diet ?	no ! no diets for me . i have some new shoes and they are begging for a hike .	 i am a girl and i do not do dirt j k	i am a woman who cruses every trail and then sleeps like a baby at night .	 that is whats up . it was nice talking to you	nice talking to you , too . maybe i will nap before my hike .
 hi there . how are you tonight ?	i am great ! i granny is from denmark	 oh , that is cool . i want to go to italy one day .	oh my too lets go now	 what do you do for fun ?	i love love and hate hate	 oh . i love going to yoga classes .	my car smells weird lol	 tell me something about yourself .	um , my kitten hurts me	 i love eating italian food .	i really love eating grass	 i live in new york city , what about you ?	i love tn . i am in fl . now	 i love living here . there is so much to do .	that is good , its way too hot here
 hello , how are you today ?	hi i am good . . . good whether here in baltimore this morning . . enjoyed the picnic	 ver nice . i have spent the day inside playing on my nintendo .	cool . . i wish to play those video games when i was a kid	 what do you like to do ?	my work takes all of my time . . a clerk fr a medical company	 that sounds exciting . do you like it ?	little bit . . its a daily routine . .	 what is your favorite food ?	i love hotdogs . . i make them aswell	 cool , i love hot dogs with mac and cheese . i also enjoy a good fish fillet .	cool . . what are your hobbies ? ?
 hello , how are you tonight ?	i am great , how are you ?	 i would be better if i could go on a first date	you have never been on a date ?	 nope i have not been on a date , but karma is real	what would make you say that ?	 he stood me up , but now i have dogs	i do not have any animals . too busy with my garden and greenhouse	 i adopted all of them , i love reading	i enjoy reading . i also make compost at home for my garden	 one time long ago i wrote a biography	that is interesting . was it yours ? i only eat fruit	 it was about my favorite actor who is also a gardener	that is awesome ! i love gardening !
 hi how are you ? read any good books lately ?	hello , i am great thank you . of course i have , i teach fourth grade !	 wow that is awesome , i love reading , well audio books that is haha .	audio books are nothing to sneeze at . that is how i got through mob dick	 true , i love books about water . like the ocean .	i love the ocean ! my parents are from japan .	 i have always wanted to go to japan . have you been ?	i go at least twice a year , on school breaks . i bring back things for my students .	 i am jealous ! my parents are from america , they are elvis fanatics .	viva las vegas ! my daughter is an elvis fan too .	 my mom met him when i was a lot younger . your daughter has good taste .	she goes from one extreme to another . she is also a metalhead
 hello , how are you doing today ?	hi , i am doing very well , thank you . watching greys anatomy .	 nice . . very dramatic . i bet they feel the need to scream into pillows sometimes too	they probably do . do you play any instruments ? i am in marching band .	 i play piano and guitar . i use art to express my emotions	i like art , but music is my passion . my mom is my best friend .	 well , music is art and it helps me when i cannot connect with people	do you have to have everything scheduled ? i can not stand to have surprises .	 i am not big into schedules . my mom homeschooled me growing up .	my mom attempted to homeschool me , i needed more advanced work .	 ah , smart cookie ! ! do you have any pets ? i am a big animal lover	i have six dogs and four cats .	 wow , you might love animals more than me . i could not handle that many lol	we live on a farm , otherwise i could only have one each .	 ah i see , that would be so much fun ! i have a little maltese dog	those are cute . we do not have little dogs .
 hello , how are you tonight ?	i am trying to figure out what to buy for groceries	 i order mine online , my husband is always working .	yes me too it saves a lot of time	 i have two girls and they do not like to go shopping , it is easier this way .	i do not like to shop either	 we go mountain climbing a lot . being out in nature is the best .	that sounds like a lot of fun	 it is , you can come with us anytime you like .	i like to design things . i love to draw	 my youngest girl draws a lot . she is very good at it .	my hands hurt a lot afterwards	 mine does after a lot of typing .	what is your favorite color ?
hello . what do you do	babysitter . you ? john , wayne and newton are my children .	 nice . i don t work much . i mostly just read books	oh okay . i just turned 26 and love my three kids . you have children ?	 no , no kids as i wanted to be a nomad my whole life	great ! ankles swollen . i need 5 months of bed rest . you sing ?	 anything but country music . health condition ?	great ! twins in me . you like charlie pride ?	 wow another charlie fan . twins ? that s a health condition	yes . buns in the oven . you met my 3 children ?	 john wayne newton , certainly . . . pro baller in another life ?	definitely ! tomorrow i will be 27 . you ?	 i m not sure i just know i like the cold . you ?	i see . you need bed rest like me . you draw or paint ?	 no apparently i just a book worm	oh okay . i have 3 girls and 1 boy . you married ?
 i like to ride my bike and listen to jazz	that is nice . . . i really enjoy summer walks and reading	 when i was 10 i broke my nose on my bicycle	i fell once by our lake house but i did not break anything	 where are you from ? i am from seattle it is my favorite of all	i am from washington as well . . . i really hate the school system here	 i ride my bike to the factory i work in	i am not forced to work yet just school which i really dislike	 yeah the schools have gone way down in recent years	do you like to read ?	 so what grade are you in ?	i am a senior this year	 yes i love to read , what kind of stories do you like	romance and i love summer walks
 hello how are you ?	hi , right now i am wanting to open my own grocery store . you ?	 i am a good swimmer i do not have a job so i swim a lot	nice ! i still live at home and i am a colorblind 30 year old .	 i am 30 as well but i look older due to baldness	i actually have a degree in marketing but i do not use it .	 that is cool i sont do anything but drink chocolate milk and swim all day	chocolate milk is delicious is not it ! ?	 yes its the best ting ever . it makes up for tacos that i hate very much	oh my , i love tacos .	 so tell me more about yourself	i think i will soon open my store in oklahoma .	 wow what kind of store ?	i have not decided yet . grocery perhaps .	 would it be high end products ?	no , it will be affordable products .
 hello i like to whittle and i also enjoy canning	that is cool what do you like to eat	 well i only eat meat . ever ! ! !	wow that is funny do you like shrimp	 yup , if it is a meat then i will eat !	i love mine with bbq sauce	 that is cool i like to watch good burger all the time , its my favorite	that sounds good i like youtube	 you ever see people race ? i race cheetahs at the zoo	that is crazy how did you get into that	 during high school . i finished 6th in a 100 meter dash	wow that is awesome so now you race cheetahs	 yup . apparently i can do that	that is funny do you like pumpkins	 nooooo ! just meat for me ! ! ! !	haha i love eating them in the fall
 hi how are you doing today ?	i am doing great , how about you ?	 i am well where do you work ?	i am a freight truck driver , how about you ?	 i am a teacher . get those kids in the right mindset .	haha , right . well i am probably a bad example . i have short pink hair .	 individuality is fine though . free expression .	i am glad you think so , i am 43 so it keeps me young . do you like teaching ?	 i do but i also enjoy dancing	me too , i love dancing . i also love traveling	 i would hope so ! where are you from ?	i am from california , and you ?	 new hampshire . people forget we are a state	i agree with that , i have never been there .	 what is your favorite food ?	i love mexican food , do you have a favorite ?	 ll mexican is my favorite too .	that is awesome . nice talking to you
 hello ! how are you today ?	i am great . how about you	 i am good . just enjoy some alone time .	do you like art at all	 no ! do you paint ? i love to read . not even close to art though , ha	what do you like to read	 i love fantasy novels . do you like music ? i love dream theater band .	i like some music . what is your favorite	 dream theater . i listen to them on late night walks in the dark .	why do you like the dark	 not sure . it helps calm me . i feel alone in the dark . i love being alone .	that is very stoic of you	 yes . i do love pizza , so i am not totally weird .	pizza is a great food	 yes . my favorite is hamburger . you ?	i like to eat vegan food sometimes
 hi there . i am a translator by trade .	hey , how you doing ? well , i am getting ready to go into college !	 i speak three languages but its not what i want to do for a living .	whoa ? three ? that is awesome ! what languages do you speak ?	 spanish german and cantonese . i really want to be a writer .	well , me i know un peu francais a little french but that is about it	 french is a beautiful language .	wait , technically , you know four languages . . . if you count english .	 indeed . which is the language i write in . my novel is almost done .	hey that is awesome ! hope you find a publisher for it ! or online	 i quit my job to focus on finishing it . i am going to put it on amazon .	that is great ! i hope it does really well . whats it about ?	 its about a boy who lives in the parks catacombs .	oh neat , is it like a thriller or coming of age type story ?	 i meant to say paris . and its a thriller . he scares tourists out of their valuables .	oh wow , that sounds interesting . yeah , i have heard about the catacombs , spooky place !
 how is your evening going ?	hi , how are you doing today ?	 lol , i am doing well , and you ?	jinx , good i just back from work , a teacher	 had today off , police officer , next shift begins at 6a tomorrow	i have coffee daily to wake up , do you ?	 used to drink coffee , now i just pound a liter of cold water	i enjoy yoga in the morning as well , what do you like ?	 when i can i like to dive scuba	sounds awesome , my twin sister and i also like chocolate .	 chocolate is the best , especially the good milky stuff	i prefer dark chocolate with almonds from sees candies .	 i am partial to a good old hershey kiss	with almonds ? i like the little kisses as well .
hello , how are you today ?	i am great ! been working at the zoo all day . how are you ?	 that sounds amazing ! i am getting ready for my trip to mexico .	that sounds fun ! what do you plan to do while there ?	 eat , lol . i love their cuisine . the spicier , the better .	ah yes ! that is a good plan	 i am taking my dad with me , he has never been , and we need to get away .	i would sit by the pool and read a crime novel and enjoy the vacation	 it is only him and i , so i spoil him with vacations .	that is so nice of you !	 growing up , all he could afford were surfing vacations at the beach . now , we hike .	i am missing two toes on my right foot , makes it hard to hike , sad !	 that would make it hard , you can wait on the beach for us , lol	perfect idea ! i will read my novels while you hike and explore nature	 have you ever been to mexico ?	no . i work a lot at the zoo , especially with the pandas , my favorite
 do you have any pets ?	hi how are you today ?	 i am well how are you ?	i am doing pretty good . and i have no pets	 i hope to own a ferret one day	what od you do for fun ferret person ?	 i write blogs how about you ?	i work at a pizza place . blah	 i like pizza . that is one thing i am not allergic to	the only thing in the world ?	 well no , i am just allergic to one thing	and what is that ? cats ?	 peanuts , i have an peanut allergy	better not eat one of those weird almond pizzas then
hey whats up ? how are you	hey tell me about yourself . i adore dogs cats animals of all kinds	 that is good . i work for a grocery market . i visit them a lot	oh i do not work . mostly i find petitions to sign or walk dogs for free	 well as long as youre doing something right ?	yea but i need money to donate to animal groups .	 look into the school system . my my does social work and she loves it	since i went vegan that is basically a lifelong donation right	 sure . my mother grows plants in her home garden to	wow i think your mither and i would get along	 yes you def would get along	is she single ? maybe she could go full vegan	 yes she is divorced . bout 5 years ago	maybe we could be vegan together	 you def could . she is vegetarian	i need her to go all in vegan
my best friend just came out of the closet !	is it a boy or a girl ?	 girl . i thought she liked my sister . i was right	what do you do for a living ?	 work for the man . i will own my own one day	i wish i had my own business	 programming is where i will make my mark .	do you have any hobbies ?	 staying up late . is that a hobby ?	i guess that would count	 well then , i enjoy long walks . . . and staying up late	do you have any pets ?	 no pets . may get a snake ?	those are so alary to have
 hi i am cindy a nurse from grand rapids	hi i am aj i am really angry with my worker	 oh what did coworker do ?	something very bad . are you married ?	 i am not . do you have siblings ? i am the youngest	no . but i am think i might get married again . do you have a partner ?	 no not currently i think its my pink hair	me too . i did not want an open relationship but i think i will .	 do you have plans today ? i am debating dairy queen or subway	sounds fun . i might go an extra mile today while walking	 i should do that more often but its cold out today	i agree . motivation is if you are fat .	 lol i am not fat yet i try to stay healthy	you should not . keep up with your healthy life	 going to try for sure might watch a football game today	me too . green bay packers are life .
 i just bought this new green car and it has a strange smell .	try apple cider vinegar and baking soda ! works great for my suburban	 thanks for the advice , i will try it . you into music ?	only on girls night ! i will listen to anything with an apple martini in me !	 yeah i loved the band toto so much i named my dog after them .	oh my ! i have too many kids for a dog	 my grandma from denmark always says kids and dogs are basically the same lol .	well do you take your dog to soccer practice 3 times a week !	 no but i do make us both meatloaf , its our favorite food .	i wish ! in too busy at pta , my 4 book clubs and my brunch clubs .	 jesus woman , you ever get a minute to yourself ?	maybe when i am on pinterest !	 youre family sounds like its fun though . its just me and toto	it can be . but my real dream is to design clothes in paris .	 yeah mine is just to get rid of this smell in my car lol	my black suburban says vinegar and baking soda all the way ! works wonders .
 hey there . read any good books lately ?	yeah , i read a lot a books about self improvement and determination .	 sounds like you have some big dreams .	yeah , i want to change the world . what about you ?	 i hope to be a manager at the power plant that i work at some day .	that is pretty sweet . i fix planes haha . but want to move up too .	 cool . ever dablet with alternate energy ? i wonder what else planes can fly on .	nope . i still drive old junk cars . have you ?	 i drive a chevy bolt , but i think we can do a lot better .	i agree . another thing we can do to fix the world we live in .	 do what i can . i rigged my dad a solar heater for his office . the shed lol	haha , that is pretty sweet . you seem really smart !
 hi how are you today	hey i am great , just watching the steelers game , i am a big fan !	 nice do you work then	my job has my travelling around the world which i love , you ?	 i do not work but love food	what is your favorite kind of food ?	 definitely pizza oh wow so good	i love some good pizza , what is your favorite band ?	 probably tom petty , and you ?	the avett brother are my favorite , tom petty was a great guy .	 yeah that is very sad news	do you go to any broadway shows ? i love them .	 i have never been actually	we will have to go to one some day , it would be fun !
 hello ! how are you ? i am enjoying a fiction book right now .	that is awesome ! i am doing good . hard for me to hold a book !	 oh how come its hard ?	i was in a car accident and i lost an arm .	 oh no ! ! i am sorry ! do you watch football ? i enjoy nfl and college ball .	when i was in college i watched football before i graduated . what do you do ?	 i also have a fantasy league . i do data entry . you ?	i have my own set of land that i farm !	 how nice i use to live on a farm as a kid . where ya from ?	montana . youngest of my family . got 3 siblings . you ?	 i am from georgia . i have two siblings . do u have any hobbies ?	yeah ! i love to go on a nice long hike . and you ?
 hey ! have you ever seen the movie django unchained ? i love it .	less love it awe man i fell up the steps laughing	 lol that is talent right there . maybe you should rock climb , its great !	it is in my gym i like that band up , what ya like ?	 i like weird al . love blasting his music while in my honda civic .	i am a leader over french fry research lol	 that is real cool . could be have a long walk on the beach while eating fries .	cool , never heard of em , my daily drive is a bike	 that is some good exercise though .	its drove without hands lol !	 lol that is super cool .	i work at del taco , i want to design fries lol
 hi how are you doing	aching ! i just ran under 5 miles in the heat and i m hot tired cranky	 that sounds crazy . why did you do that ?	i though maybe of trying another triathlon but the running part i hate !	 i like to eat not exercise but i should	i love to eat as well but i m trying to watch my figure	 i need to . i work in the health field .	that sounds quaint . i m independently wealthy . love it !	 how did you get wealthy	snowboarding is my passion and i met my first husband in the alps .	 that sounds fun . how is the alps ?	tall ! i m going to take my daughter there this winter as a graduation present . you rich ?	 i am not . i work in health care .	sad . i m looking forward to a big tax break so i can keep more money	 you really must like money .	i used to be middle class and now am terrifically rich . no comparison .
 hi , how are you doing today ?	i am doing well , working on my online business . how are you ?	 i am tired . i am worried about my neighbors yelling at night	i meditate a lot and that can help with sleeping . what do you do with your day ?	 i will try it . my mom needs to be healthier too . i went to school .	i do yoga every day and that can work for all ages . do you work ?	 no i am scared to walk in the bad neighborhood but maybe from home ?	that could work . i work in marketing .	 what kind of marketing do you do ?	i market for different businesses and am now trying to build my own .	 what are some of the things you are doing to get started ?	researching different business plans and start loans . what do you go to school for ?	 i am in high school and i wish i could go to a better one	whats wrong with your current high school ?	 the other kids view me in a poor light and i have a bad image	that happened to me in school . it gets better almost immediately out of high school .
 hello there my name is kat	hi . i am mo . i love sports . go grizzlies !	 i do not really watch sports	i love to watch basketball . what do you do for fun ?	 i mainly spend my time studying to be honest	what do you study ? i am always training for a marathon .	 i study radiology , and is it hard ? i never was a good runner	i think radiology is harder . i love to run though . canada is beautiful .	 it is , and is it cold out there , i heard yall get a lot of snow	yes , lots of snow . . . and moose !	 haha do they actually be out often ?	yes . i constantly have to swerve while running .	 are they at least friendly	yes . as long as you do not throw snowballs at them .	 people do that ? seems really mean	it is mean . people should watch more basketball and be nicer .
good morning how are you ?	good morning , like roller coasters ?	 i do ! i do not have much free time . i construct robots as my job .	it is crazy that my dad left my mom when i was young .	 oh that is sad . i am not married but enjoy living alone .	really ? like construction ? i am training	 do you get out much ! i wish i had a better social life	not with all my internships an training , do you ?	 i don t . i do enjoy watching movies late at night . i usually stay up too late .	really ? i like amusement parks	 i like them to . where do you live ?	i live in the united states	 i do also . i live in california . do you like the beach ?	yes i love them	 i need to get out more with friends . maybe go to the beach .	well what is stopping you ?
hi how are you doing	hi i am doing great . kind of bored here	 where are you right now	at home and no one to play with because i have no siblings	 that is too bad do you have any games	trying to play one right now but i have a dog i love so much	 that is cute go play with your dog	i will do that after playing my game	 that is a great idea do you have a job	i am currently a college student what about you ?	 i am working to open my own business	good to hear . i hope to do that when i am out of school	 what kind of business do you want	none in mind yet still thinking
 hi there , i am dr . kallie , how are you ?	i am doing well . how about yourself ?	 doing well , enjoying my time off . relaxing at the beach .	nice ! i live near the gulf of mexico . youre a doctor ?	 yes , i am on vacation though boating and soaking up the sun .	nice . i used to have a kayak but i lost my legs	 i have a huge house . you can move in and i can take care of you .	yeah right . people are always so nice to me ! i do not get it .	 you seem like a great person . i like you already .	thank you ! where are you vacationing ?	 i am at the florida keys .	i have always wanted to visit . but i live in a tropical kind of enviroment as well .	 may i ask where you live ?	i live on the mississippi gulf coast near new orleans .	 oh wow , that sounds lovely !	it is . beaches , casinos , giant live oaks and peacocks . roosters running around .
hi there , how are you ?	i am alright , just cuddling my little cat . what about you ?	 i just got off work at the publishing building i work at !	that sounds exciting , where do you live and work ?	 i am an attention seeking girl and love being surrounded by boys .	i see . i have a small apartment , located in central new york . i love it .	 i really enjoy cooking for all my friends and family !	that is cool , do you go to school for that ? i am going to become an artist .	 no i have a pretty good job in a publishing building .	i see . do like to garden at all ? i plant my favorites , a garden of all roses .	 i love roses ! all my friends and family tell me i have a cute laugh .	that is very kind of them . what all do you like to do for fun ?	 i really enjoy cooking and cleaning . yourself ?	i love to paint , draw , anything artsy really . what do you like to cook ?	 nice ! i love cooking pasta particularly .	pasta is delicious ! do you have any pets ?
 do you want to camping with me ?	yes but i have to make pizza first	 i bought a tent from goodwill . i cannot wait to use it	i like the beach more than the wilderness	 where are you from my man ?	i am in ohio how about you	 california ! ! what do you do ?	pizza place most of the time	 i like pizza . i like to make pizza while camping .	pizza is good and camping is fun so i see it	 are you coming with me ?	yes for sure i do not want to miss it	 that makes me really happy . i need a break from school .	i understand that school can be so hard	 yes . but i am looking forward to this so it is fine now	i understand that sounds great to me
 i am a super hero who runs super long distances very fast , but i need sugar to	which super hero ? from a video game ?	 no i am real super hero , my weakness is that i have an unhealthy diet though	ah , then not such a super super hero . i live in a large city . you ?	 i protect all citys , i run fast ! drinking a lot of sugary caffeine drinks	i am a teacher . what do you do when you are not running ?	 i use my cheap car my dad bought me to deliver food as my alter ego	haha do you like to sing ? i sing in a choir at my church .	 no time for much else since i save the world on a daily bases	that is a lot of pressure . i loved magic mike , whats your fave movie ?	 i like the t . v . show the flash i kind of try to act like him	well , that is cool . i love video games . what do you like to do ?	 save people from disasters . i just saved like 9 people right now oh wait 10	awesome . i am a teacher , so maybe i save people too !	 not really but nice try . . . .	really ? why not ? i love my job .
i am from russia , where are you from ?	i am from the us .	 oh , that is wonderful ! i visited there when i was in the olympics	it is less than 15 words .	 sorry , i do not understand . what do you do in the us ?	we paint the town red !	 how fun ! i spend all my time practicing weight lifting .	we usually gray a couple beers and burgurs1	 oh , i could not do that ! i train a lot , and can bench press 345 pounds .	no it , s not	 in russia athletes do not have that much fun	you gotta loosen up man !
 hey , i cannot wait until the new season of game of thrones is on !	i hope you enjoy it i am with my best friend a cat named bandit	 sweet , i like dogs . they like watching tv shows and movies with me .	nice it is my freshman first year of college .	 oh nice , have you done cosplay before ? i personally love it !	no but i am an active sports nut and have yet to break a bone !	 knock on wood ! i prefer visiting renaissance fairs over doing sports .	those are so cool they just lack my most favored food , pizza .	 yeah , no pizza back in those days . when i am home working i like to eat pizza .	nice me too you have been very nice to chat with .	 i learned to chat in character when doing cosplay !	i am still learning so it might seem a little goofy	 i admit that cosplay is a lot easier than the characters they give us here !	i wish i knew what cosplay was !	 you dress up and pretend to be some superhero or other fictional character .	oh that sounds like fun halloween all the time
 hey how are you today ?	hi ! very well , and yourself ? guess what ? next month is halloween !	 that is true i did not have to guess that silly	i am so excited it is my favorite ! i am going to crochet a costume	 i have a beard so i dress up as a pirate	very nice ! i drive around in my hearse	 i am only 5 ft tall so i have to use a pillow to drive	do you ever listen to alternative rock while driving ?	 i do not but my parents do they are super old	does your mom crochet ? maybe we could together	 they are like 80 so they just sit there	do they pass out candy at halloween ?	 no i have to do it al they do not move	well i will come to your house and collect some this year !	 nice my hair is very ver red	red heads are great . very handsome
hi my name is kellie what is your name ?	hi kellie , i am sarah . my dog , snuggles says hi as well	 hi snuggles lol . i hope your having a good morning	i am thank you . numbers , is constantly running through my head . sucks !	 ll i am sorry to hear that . what do you do for a living ?	an accountant . what do you do for a living ?	 i work in the legal department but , i would like to be a photographer	a photographer , that is really amazing . i love that	 yes i like taking pictures	been wanting to get my black hair back straightened again .	 my hair is black and full of curls it will never straighten lol	lol . . natural curls are gorgeous . i permed mine	 do you believe in legends like ghosts or leprechauns	leprechauns that is for sure ! lol	 ll i think there is a little magic that exists in the world today	yes ! i agree that there is a pot of gold at the end . and a leprechaun !	 do you have a best friend ? my best friend is my beautiful husky lobo	i do . a beautiful kitty named majora .
hi there , how are you ?	hi there , i am bob . i am well .	 unfortunately i have always been disappointed by regular life .	yea , did your parents reject you too ?	 my family and i are never able to get along .	yeah that is cool , what is your favorite color ?	 this has lead me to always wishing i could become an animal .	i love red , reminds me of summer time .	 i regularly wonder what life would be like up in space .	do you have any pets ?	 i do not . do you ?	i keep pet rats i found at taco bell	 oh that is very nice	i really really like hot dogs	 hot dogs are always yummy .	i do not like standards , i can never live up to them
 hello , how are you doing today ?	person todays a weekend , i like to go on hikes usually . i work as a barista mostly	 that is good , i like to hike too especially is i can listen to justin bieber .	cool i also sing in a arabic jazz band , i can speak in english , french too .	 i bet you travel a lot , i wish i had traveled more before i got cancer .	well my family and me are from algeria , so i have traveled far from there .	 yeah that is a long way , do people listen to bieber there ?	nope , sorry i forgot to tell you i play piano in my band as well .	 i would smile but i do not have much emotion these days .	nice i feel empty inside too , it shows in my songs .	 most people cannot tell what mood , i have no expressions .	maybe you have a plain face ?	 just terrible at normal reactions to things , wo not matter in 6 months .	nice thinking of doing some drastic cause that really turns me on .
hello there ! how are you doing today ?	hi i am good how are you	 fine thank you . what gender are you if you do not mind me asking ?	male why do you ask me ?	 i am a woman . think of becoming a man	wow tell me more about that i am genuinely interested	 ust feel like i do not fit in as a man	i think whatever makes you happy should the ppl close to you happy	 but i am just so unsure . . .	what is making you feel so unsure ?	 i cant tell which gender i am more attracted to	but why would you need to change yourself for someone your attracted to ?
 i am oreo i look to the stars for guidance	can you give me luck i am a recent widow	 i cant my husband and kids drive me to drink	i have 6 siblings i can see why you drink	 i would move away if i ever won a food eating competition	would you leave your wife ? my parents are divorced	 no but the kids would have free college	that would be cool i need free college since i broke my arm two times	 unless aliens probe me first that is	that would not be fun at all	 the debate between lollipops or rainbows is my weekend battle	sounds like it is rather entertaining	 the house is empty on weekends so i clean and hit the bong	my idea of a really good time	 yeah chill out and blast marley til 6 at night high as a kite	you lead a very eventful life indeed
 hello hope you are having a great day . i am tired because i stayed up late	good morning you should drink some tea i love it	 i should drink some tea . i may play my piano later	i like to draw people and see how they like it	 that sounds fun . i enjoy singing and dancing	i love people that funny love a great sense of humor	 i do too . humor is important in life	love to laugh i enjoy mountain bike	 i like to mountain bike too . do you go often ?	my mom think i am weird because i love eat hard boiled eggs	 hard boiled eggs are good . do you eat alot of them	totally that is what i said and like 1 2 a day	 i like pickled eggs . have you tried them ?	yes i have and they are to die for	 what else do you eat ?	see i am not that weird after all
 hey how are you doing today	i am great . how are you ?	 i am doing good . might go rollerblading later	that sounds fun . do you do that often ?	 when i have some down time it helps keep me fit	i bet that it does . it takes a lot of coordination .	 do you like sports	no but i like dolls	 like barbie dolls or the porcelain dolls ?	i like both . i like flowers too .	 whats your favorite flower	i like daisies . how about you ?	 i think roses are nice	roses are pretty flowers . do you like picnics ?
 hey whats going on ? how are you ?	not much , just seen both my children off to school , you ?	 about to smash some pretzels . cant get enough of them .	haha . i love it . my 2 cats are big pretzel lovers	 so you have two cats ? what are their names ?	bobby and billie . i got them at the shelter i like to donate time to	 oh cool . do you work ? any hobbies ?	my parents were both teachers , so i thought i might , but no	 i live with my mom and watch a lot star trek . ever seen it ?	my 2 children love that show , but i would rather be out hunting	 i am a bow hunter when i am not working on the railroad .	we sound like we would get along	 yeah i bet we would . i like hunting but i do not kill animals . i am weird like that	oh , that is weird . how do you hunt ?
 hey how are you ? what are you doing ?	hey i am good , just got back from playing soccer	 nice . i watched a soccer game when i was in brazil . it was great	wow i never have time to travel , my hours at the finance office ugh	 that is too bad . i am a gardener so i guess i take things a little slower	aw i cannot wait to buy my house i am renting an apartment right now .	 yea then you might get into some hobbies to get your mind off work	yea hopefully i can find something as close to work , i walk currently .	 well that is great . i love being outside . walking is relaxing	yeah , i do not drink coffee so it helps wake me up	 i built my own bike from scratch . so if i am not walking i am biking	omg that is awesome , do you work or retired ?	 no i own a gardening business . my height helps me cut high branches or decorate better	lucky , i am 5 3 i have a hard time reaching the top cabinet on anything
 hi , cartographer , painter , bagel maker , arm wrestler and ex nurse . you ?	hello i do enjoy suspense novels	 you ever been chase by wild lions ? you sing ? i do .	no but i did enjoy science in high school	 whew ! chicken wings are our friends . you arm wrestle ? i do .	no but my can beat you . she survived cancer	 huh ? i see . i made a unicorn cry . you dance ? i do .	i dance because i am single but i am not looking for any one in particular	 oh okay . you ever been stabbed in the eye ? i love to paint . you	heck no , can you paint a pizza ? its my favorite food	 yes ! you ever been hit by a bus ? i love baking bagels .	i love when buses hit people , it would make a great suspense novel	 hmmm . wizard of oz has sexual overtones . you bake ? i draw too .	yes i bake , i bake pizza . or do you mean wake and bake ?	 huh ? once snow white was my friend . she drifted . you write novels ?	i love novel ! ! suspense novels are my favorite its a toss up between pizza and novels	 you ever been hit with a bat ? nurse ? i was .	you ever been hit from the back ?
 hello how are you today	hello , good to meet you . i am great	 good to meet you also what do you like to do for fun ?	i like to read books , suspense stories are my favorite . you ?	 i love to go see new horror films it is like a book but in action	i like to go to the movies too	 what do you do for a living ?	i am a teacher , science , it was my favorite subject	 i dress up like cat woman or wonder woman , it pays the bills	what an unusual way to earn a living .	 honestly it is more a hobby , i used to make my own cape and everything	wow very resourceful , i cannot sew and have a rubbish imagination	 my brother and i started when we were young , your parents did not ?	no , my mom had cancer when i was young , we did not spend much time together	 i am sorry . i dress like a super hero because sometimes we need one	that is true . we all need a superhero sometimes . i think it is great
 hello . what are youre plans this evening ?	i am going to go on a hike and take some pictures .	 i am going to make compost and soap !	fun ! where are you from ? i am from portland maine .	 i am from new orleans . i love to garden . do you work ?	yes i work at an environmental engineering firm . what about you ?	 i am also very into the enviroment . got to reduce our foot print you know ?	yes definitely . the environment is my best friend because i live by myself .	 i live with my doggie . my best friend !	i wish i had a dog to go on hikes with	 i have not gone hiking a while	i do all the time . sometimes for work because we study pollution and nature	 i took a class once on enviromental sciences . waste management . very important .	sounds fun . what is your major field of interest ?	 fruit . i am working on a new strain of apple pears . a hybrid .	wow ! i would love to take some photos of fruit trees .
 hi how are you today ?	hello , i am great now that court is over . how about you ?	 i just had a delicious barbecue sandwich while watching tom and jerry !	awesome ! i am going to watch tv and get on the treadmill later .	 i like being with my imaginary friends when i watch tv .	do you have a lot of them ?	 i do actually ! i have 7 . i am only 19 years old .	that is a lot . i do not have any .	 do you like junk food ? i like pizza puffs .	i do not . i am on a diet , gotta maintain my muscles .	 i guess i should start thinking that way too . what is your name ?	my name is andy . i am from cleveland	 that is a nice name . i am from montana .	i have always wanted to go there . do you like it ?
 hi how are you i am driving my truck today .	hey there , i am good , bout to go golfing	 golfing sounds like a lot of fun i never did that .	its pretty relaxing , takes the stress off from work	 great i am glad you enjoy i go camping on the weekends .	i wish i had that time , i am a lawyer , even when i am off , i am not	 oh that must be very interesting i just drive my truck .	for work ? or just for fun	 i drop off baking goods in my state where i reside .	oh that is cool , do you get to travel any ?	 my wife and children go camping with me for fun .	my three children do not really like the outdoors much , they like princesses	 cool i like to play base ball it is the best sport .	i have a hard time watching baseball , its very long
 hello , how are you this evening ?	hi , good just got off work as a nurse .	 oh , great i am on the new job search myself	and i just made dinner for my five kids and my husband .	 wow , i just lost my job as a farm hand in kansas where i live	i have been married for 18 years , i met him in college freshman year .	 wow , my wife left me , last month our farm got foreclosed on so she gone	that is sad , are you looking for a new one ?	 new wife or farm ? i will just set around and watch reality tv shows	wow , that is really super sad , are you ok ?	 no , i just want to move somewhere warmer so i can be happy	i like reality tv as well , like youtube .	 that is nice you are good listener , i could teach you to farm	i want to visit more national parks , it is on my bucket list .
hi , i am jake , and i like watching football with my friends .	ho i love hiking in the outdoors	that is fun , too . do you play sports ?	i like outdoor exercising better than organized sports	 how about watching sports ?	yeah i like watching sports whos your fave football team	 manchester united ! yours ?	lol thought we were talking about american football	 well , then dallas cowboys !	they are great ! i am more of a giants fan myself	 what do you like the most about football ?	throwing a party with my friends to watch the games	 haha , me too ! watching with friends is the best .	do you have a job ?
 hello . how are you today ? my name is rob !	hello i am ray , hi rob think we have met before lol	 haha that is too funny . did i tell you where i live ?	after my workouts i drink a protein shake instead coffee , do not like coffee	 i love coffee ! i am having one now in my apartment .	no where do you live ? i am in florida where i do finance	 i live in boston in an apartment with 4 pets !	i live in an apartment but i rent it i do not own it	 is chicken and rice your favorite food ? mine is jello .	yes on the chicken and rice , well at least til the next hit , lol	 tell me a fun fact about yourself . personally , i have never been able to whistle !	while i am walking to work , i do it walking backwards , that is fun	 what else do you do for fun ? i like this card game magic the gathering .	never heard of that game , i like to play twister	 we play twister at family parties . it is too funny .	yeah , but sometimes i hurt my lower back starting to get old
 hi how are you doing ?	i am tired . lol i am a russian olympian so i literally train 2 a day	 what do you do for a living ?	i am a competitive weight lifter . max bench 345 and squat 400 lbs . you ?	 i am on the road most days	what is it you do on the road ?	 i drive a truck lol	oh ok . lol well that is pretty cool . as long as you enjoy driving i guess	 what city are you from ?	i am from a small town in russia	 do you have any hobbies ?	i literally just lift weights all day every day . what about you ?	 i enjoy traveling in spare time	that is good . you do plenty of that with your job though lol	 its not the same tho	yea i am sure its not .
 hello how are you doing ?	great how are you this evening ?	 doing well , i went out skydiving today . i go every weekend .	really ? i used to skydive but then found out about my urinary cancer	 oh wow i am sorry . i also have health issues . low platelets , i need to be on medicine .	are you on a low carb diet ? i got into it to help with my health	 yes i am . i used to be a great athlete , i was an olympic medalist .	that is amazing ! i am big into athletics to tone my body to be a male model in hollywood	 amazing . i once saw queens of the stone age in hollywood i like them .	i saw them in hollywood ! i was eating with will ferrell and he got me tickets !	 that is amazing i would love to meet will ferrell . he must be cool .	i found out he is a huge fan of classical jazz just like i am . . its crazy
 hey , i just finished walking my golden retriever , hows it going ?	hello , i walked my lab a few hours ago myself .	 nice ! we opted for a hilly hike and both of us enjoyed it .	i am old , lol . we stick to flat land in the neighborhood .	 understandable . i am indoors all day doing advertising work , need the exercise .	i am a retired teacher . my former students come for visits all the time .	 i liked my writing teacher , now i write fiction all the time .	my husband is retiring next year , he will be working on his writing then .	 what kind ? the kind where you teach or try to entertain people ?	probably something to do with military , he is a captain in the navy	 wow , that would make for some interesting books . how long was he in ?	it will be 30 years in december	 wow , enjoy that retirement ! my mom who passed away was a nurse for 30 years .	i am so sorry to hear that .	 she was in constant pain . she is probably in a better place .	you are right , she most definately is
 hi there , panic stricken singer over here !	lol hi from canada ! ! !	 well canadians are know to be friendly i am trying to overcome shyness .	yes they are ! ! do you love sports ? i play soccer and love it	 not really , i am a born closet singer . do you have a good voice ?	not really more into video games , and get discounts at best buy through my brother .	 cool ! am working up the courage to sing in front of an audience .	oh that is nerve wracking	 yes ! i chickened out once at an audition . i almost fainted from nerves ! !	that makes sense when the nerves kick in you feel like you cannot do it	 i could not . i ended up ducking into a movie theatre next door to the show .	you must be extremely anxious	 oh yes . my shyness is debilitating . i cannot bring myself to sing in public .	i hope you can get over that and recover from it .	 hope so too ! whats your greatest weakness ?	i believe you are an amazing singer and can do it .	 thanks for the vote of confidence , take care ! ! !	no problem . i can see that you need it .
hello ! how are you today ?	i am good and you ?	 i am excellent , thank you . checking email , about to go to yoga class .	what do you do for a living ?	 i teach high school english and creative writing . what do you do ?	i am into graphic design and just started freelancing .	 that sounds interesting ! how do you like freelancing ?	i like it somewhat , i really enjoy traditional drawing though	 i like to draw , but i am not very good at it . do you have kids ?	i do not do you have any ?	 i do , my husband and i are the proud parents of 2 teens .	that is great ! do you have any inspirations ? mine is classical music	 i volunteer a lot . i am inspired by good deeds , you could say .	that is a great trait to have !
 i cannot believe i am sick so much from my pregnancy !	oh dear ! after the baby arrives i would be happy to draw you both if you would like	 oh , you are an artist ! you can draw my 3 kids and the twins on the way !	loops ! i was trying to straighten my uber curly hair and let the babaganoush overcook !	 ha ha ! i love middle eastern food ! i cannot eat any now because morning sickness !	that is rough you know , i am only 6 1 but with these curls i look 6 3 lol !	 i am on bed rest , so no curly hair for me , must look great on you !	actually , i look like marge simpson . how long till twins arrive ?	 ha ha ! i think 4 5 months !	oh , you poor girl ! i bet you are ready to be done	 oh yeah , and i am only 26 !	the kids will have lots of fun with you when they are older .	 oh , they will , once i m well it will be fun !	i was thinking i should my own middle eastern eatery , since i love to cook so much
 hey how are you , did you ever fly a plane ?	no flying short old guy the top shelf is off limits to me	 actually only short people can be fighter pilots	true i like iced coffee i have five flavors in my fridge right now	 i am more of a tea guy . i get my tea from china .	i have a weird gene i can tell when people have eaten asparagus	 asparagus is used a lot in italian cuisine .	yes it is i like it with medium rare steak	 oh , i do not eat steak i am a vegetarian .	it is a gray day here today going to watch some tv	 what is on tv tonight ?	thursdays are never good maybe a college football game	 let us hope there is a good movie on then . you can also stream it .	might have to go that route	 i do not own a tv i only stream .	that is definitely the wave of the future
 hello , how are you tonight ? have you ate yet ?	names van and started my internship for google .	 hello , van . nice to meet you . i am mia . i watch my grandchildren .	that is awesome . i am living in seattle but will move to cali by next month	 i am in florida , my husband is a detective and we own an upholstery shop	wow , i started my internship with google . now work for them .	 very nice . i live on the lake , it is so soothing .	i have a passion being a software engineer	 i was going to go to school , but my daughter decided to start a family early .	wow that is , you can still go to school while she hasa kid	 not while they are toddlers . she and her husband both work and go to school .	i understand how hectic that can be	 i enjoy it , i am only 40 , maybe in a few years .	well if you want to wait you can	 what kind of car do you drive ?	i drive a nissan sentra sv
 i have a love of bach because of my mothers interpretations of his compositions	i like it as well .	 i am raising my daughter to love music .	i do that with my kids as well . i am also teaching them to be thrifty .	 i like to play the classical station in the er . it relieves stress	i coupon to relieve stress . it feels good to save lots of money .	 my wife students are learning to be thrifty in her economics class	it is so important with the economy so uncertain .	 i was encouraged to go into surgery because my marks were so high . money no problem	i coupon every week and donate what i get to charity if i have extra .	 that is a good thing . i will teach that to my daughter and her future siblings	it is possible to get many items cheap or even free if you are careful .	 that is a good thing to keep in mind .	i learned to do this in a class at the local community center .	 maybe my wife was your teacher if it was a college level course .	it ws just a normal class you could take for twenty dollars .
 hi , i am getting married soon . are you married ?	haha , no time . i have got a novel to finish .	 cool . do you have any pets ?	no , but i would like to get a fish or something calming .	 my dog is going to be in my wedding at the park .	how cute . since i quit being a translator , i spend most of my time writing .	 what kind of books do you write ?	i am writing a fantasy novel . i do not make much but i am really passionate about it .	 that is still a great skill to have .	yeah , there is gonna be a wedding scene too .	 cool . make it super magical .	i will and i hope yours is too .
hi ! how are you today ?	i am well . just hanging out doing some transcription work . what about yourself ?	 being angry about my wrong order from a restaurant . they gave me a salad ! yuck .	you do not like salads ? i am so hungry !	 i hate salads ! ! ! so gross !	what about fruit ? fruit salads ?	 that is different . that does not have lettuce in it .	i do not care what kind of food just as long as there are equal proportions	 my mom was a stay at home mom and she would always feed us salads ! ugh .	what a bitch ! just kidding that is your mom got to have respect .	 haha . she was a good mom . she stayed at home all day with us .	aw . so you are a mommas boy ? girl ?	 a girl ! i love my mom ! and my dad , too ! he was an insurance salesman .	are you hot ? i am wondering what you look like	 i am decently attractive , and you ?	i do not look bad i guess . i am comfortable . its been nice talking to you cutie
hey how are you doing ?	i am doing ok , how about you ?	 great thanks for asking , are u married ?	yes i am , my wife and i have 3 pets but no children	 my wife and i have a girl	i am not sure if we want kids yet , we are still pretty young	 oh cool how old are you all	we are both in our early 20s , how about you ?	 i am in my early 30s , what you do for living	right now i am working as a truck driver	 cool , i am a marketer , i love it . i bet you travel everywhere huh ?	yea , i get to see all sorts of things on the road	 wow sound interesting , how long you been driving	this is only my second year	 o okay cool , you like it ?	yea , one of my favorite things to do is visit mexican restaurants wherever i go
 i do not like meat i eat only vegetables	i really act cook at all	 portland is where i live now two hour drive from seattle where is was born	every day have i drive an hour to work in this terrible traffic	 my job has so much red tape .	i really cant stand the way beats taste	 i saw a band last week bon over is still the best band	i am a new ovo vegetarian as of last week	 i use to chat with my parents three times a day i was raised by them	i hate my parents alot	 i really have a good time they think young	my parents are honestly difficult
 how are you doing today	great ! i am glad to be here . i really like computers	 i really love animals and i love to bake	oh nice . i am a nerd	 i like to draw and paint	nice . i work for google !	 that is cool do you take naps	yes ! we are required to . it is great ! i am great at math too . you ?	 i like apples cafeteria it is not bad	nice . i like logical thinking .	 are you male ? sounds like it . i think nerds are hot .	yes . i am hot . i think so atleast .	 sounds like my dream guy	i work on self driving cars also . how do you have fun ?	 we can stay at home and you can teach me stuff all day	oh that sounds great . i am also great at science .
 hey there ! how is it going ?	hi . going good just listening to some dope beats .	 sweet ! got any plans for the weekend ?	yeah . i am in a rap battle . then i will sleep . you ?	 haha sounds good ! i got a date with a new chick tomorrow night .	good luck with that . get a pair of nike shoes they are the best man .	 dude i am all about sports so you know i love nike ! so you single ?	yeah , but i chat all night on my sweet keyboard . no pain here	 me too man . i have spent way too much time on girls instead of studying !	girls are too cute . they love rap , just like me . i need a woman	 i hear that dude . but i always attract the crazy ones .	they are fun sometimes . i need my shut eye though . ten hours a day . right ?	 nope too much fun to be had instead of sleeping . night time is party time .	i cannot , my nose hurts now . i need a soft chair and gangster rap !	 sounds rough man ! thanks for the chat , good luck with that rap battle .	thanks . i will win . i am fresh
 hey how are you today	i am good tired though . i am pre law so i study alot	 i am a boy . or a girl . or a cat ink anymore	well that is cool cuz i am an owl a night owl to be specific	 i think i am bipolar but i also tell myself that its not possible .	ll well that is interesting . you like dogs ? pugs are so loyal , i have one name biscuit	 i like dogs sometimes but other times i just wanna scream	yea i hear you . i like to scream in the park when i am playing ultimate sometimes	 i am the ultimate . the alpha and the omega	i do not like going out very much . what do you do	 i climb trees because i am a spider monkey	lets climb togther one day
 all of these kids are driving me crazy !	how many do you have i have one i love but gets me	 my class sizes are 20 25	i get it but my girl does not	 what does she not get ?	anything really , she is kind of out there i hope everything works out for us	 me too . i have been eating so much lately	i like to eat but need to watch my weight	 me as well , but sometimes i cannot help it	i know how that can go	 i really just want to look good in public	i understand that i am saving for surgery	 what kind of surgery are you getting ?	plastic so i can look better
 hi there ! how are you ?	doing well , taking a break from practicing for my ballet show	 cool ! how long have you been doing ballet ?	many years , since i was a child . what do you do ?	 professional translation . i am currently unemployed though so i am writing a novel !	what is your novel about ?	 a crime story set in new york !	that sounds very exciting ! good luck with the novel !	 thank you ! so what are your hobbies ?	dance takes over most of my life but in my spare time i like to watch movies	 cool ! what sort of movies do you like to watch ?	comedies are my favorite . i like dry humor the best
 hello	hi , let me introduce myself . i am a high school teacher , and i live in chicago	 what do you teach	math	 that is cool . i hate math	what do you like to do over the weekends ?	 i like to go rollerblading in the park . you ?	i like yo do yoga . i do it three times a week	 do you do it for exercise or meditation ?	being a mom of two kids , i have enough exercise everyday	 very true .	what do you usually do over the weekends ?	 rollerblading or watching hockey games . i love hockey .	i can see you are athletic . i volunteer at the red cross on weekends	 that is awesome . i also spend time on pinterest looking up recipes .	did you find any good recipes ?
 how is it going today ?	awesome , had a great workout and feeling pumped ! you ?	 good , but i had to go to the eye doctor .	that sucks , you ok or just a vision check ?	 i broke my glasses when i stepped on them .	cannot relate , have never done that , but i did pop a string on my bass this morning	 its because of my big feet , you know 6 toes and all .	wow ! that is cool .	 yeah , but since i cannot find boots that fit i hate to go skiing .	i like to go fishing . no footware required !	 do you go ocean fishing ?	up there , i meant bass guitar string , not bass fishing , ll	 yeah , i assumed that is what you meant .	i do like both kinds of bass though , ll . mostly streams and rivers , not ocean
 hello there ! how are you today ?	doing great . just being a wonderful mom !	 that is awsome . do they watch sesame street ?	nope . jt all day . my boys are gonna be pop stars .	 i actually was one of the first test children chosen for that show . lol	nice . watch they hate me and study calculus all day . whatever . . .	 what do you do for a living ?	mom . i have a horse . my husband is a businessman .	 you should listen to our radio show . i play a character on there .	sure . if it sucks though i will turn it off . i am rich .	 that is good for you . are you fluent in any other languages ?	no . i am rich , i do not need to be fluent . you are kinda boring .	 ah . . . the words of the rich . expected that .	what you do not have any money ? they have programs for you .
 hi how are you today	i am good . just playing with my two cats .	 do you work any then	sahm . i have twin boys who are 4 .	 do you ever read books ?	sometimes . do you have any kids ?	 i do not and do you	twin boys that are 4 , remember ?	 sorry my memory is not great	haha . that is okay . maybe you should eat more kale .	 yeah or some more fish	yeah , both have a lot of iron .	 yeah i also eat a lot of chicken	oh , i need more iron in my diet .
 my name is maria how are you	managing a restaurant sucks . i have to put 60 hours a week . you sing ?	 yeah and used be a cheer leader back in high school	i should kill my boss . you ever killed anyone ?	 not outside call of duty no my husband got me into that game	you know who bob marley is ? i do .	 yes i do herb for my migraines raising 2 kids is nauseating	i hate liars . what should we do with liars ?	 retail therapy helps me zen from reality maybe you should try	family first is my motto . yours ?	 no family first is us or we would not live in celebration florida	you ever been chased by wild dogs ? just asking .	 yes it was not fun especially in heels	i wonder how it feels to pluck someone eyelids . any ideas ?
 hi nice talking with you today . how are you	good ! just got back from visiting a local art museum ! you ?	 that sound very interesting hope to visit one soon .	yeah now i have to study , which stinks .	 try not to let it stink look on the good side of it .	true i want to teach kindergarten when done with this education program . you ?	 well i am a grand mother love to make clothes for the grands , good luck	that must be fun ! what types of clothes ?	 diffident dresses , sleep wear pantsuits caps	nice do you cook for them ?	 yes a hold lots there favorite is pizza	i love pizza but am vegan so there is limited i can have	 ok , did you dream of being a teacher	yes always hoped to be a teacher for young kids
 hello , do you have any pets ?	hi there ! nice to meet you . yes , i have four dogs .	 nice , i am more of a cat person though . i have 23 of them	do you have any brothers or sisters ? i have dogs because i have no siblings .	 yes but i do not see them often , i travel around the world on my boat	i love to travel ! i have been to europe and mexico . where do you travel ?	 i travel around the world to try out all kinds of vegan food	when i am in mexico , i love hot chilis and spicy food ! do you ?	 yes i enjoy a lot of types of food , just not fish	when you sail on your boat , do you like to swim ? i do !	 no i do not like to swim , do you play any sports ?	no , what do you enjoy playing ?	 i enjoy playing soccer , it reminds me of my cats with yarn	lol ! yes , i can see it !	 what do you do with your dogs ?	i love to go for long walks with them . they sure shed a lot !
 i am doing an online study while waiting tables . i have a brown hair and love rose	that does not make sense but ok . i am eating cheese because i like it .	 why do you like it ? its not good .	yes it is very good . i like how it taste .	 its made from a cow humans do not need cow milk	for my 46th birthday i am going on a tour of a cheese factory	 why you really love the cheese ?	not all comes from cow and some is made from calf stomach but its good	 but still its not safe have you watch the film what the health ?	i have to take 4 pills every day to stay alive . i call them lifesavers	 just eat fruits and vegetables it will help you a lot	milk in the us is safe but not from other countries . especially china is bad	 but cow in the us do not eat grass they eat processed food	you watched the wrong video . all of our farms are have laws and standards .	 you watch the wrong farms lol	i know people who own those farms so i know its good and clean .
hello hello . how are you ?	great ! what do you like to do ?	 i actually love to learn about historical things . how about you ?	i enjoy playing music in my spare time . what kind of history ?	 all kinds really . its why i am happy with my job .	sounds like a great gig you have there .	 i work in a museum so it definitely is . what do you do ?	i play music professionally , a violinist in the local orchestra .	 i bet that is exciting ! i love classical sounding music .	i bet you would , being a history major and all haha .	 well , given my disability it was natural i get into such things .	ah , music has always helped me see the finer things in life , would not you agree ?	 i definitely do do agree .	what instruments do you play , if any ?	 oh i do not play any . i am just a fan of classical music is all .	ah well every musician needs an audience . what is your disability ?
hello do you need you hair done ? i am having a sale at my shop	hello ! i actually do , i am in need of a haircut .	 i would love to give you a cut . i also do hair color mine is purple	sure ! i wanted my wife to do it but she said no .	 i have been married for 1 year now	nice ! i am very family oriented and spend all my time with my wife and 2 kids .	 i spend too much time in the shop says my better half	maybe you can take your spouse to bowling ? that is what i like to do .	 that is a good idea . they will not be so mad all the time	exactly . we usually eat sushi once a month and then go bowling .	 we love sushi . we would make it a date night	any plans to have children ? how about pets ?	 i want a big family and some dogs	i thought i wanted 4 kids but i am okay with just having 2 . it is cheaper !
 hi ! what do you like to do ?	fishing is what i love . but my father died in a fishing accident when i was two .	 sorry to hear that ! i like festivals and music !	its ok he used to beat me and my mom . she says i have his blue eyes	 blue eyes can be really pretty .	mom does not think so . . . she beats me now every day . i hate always losing . . .	 do not be so negative ! i just started working online , you can get enough to move out !	yeah hopefully , spring will be here soon and i will be eighteen , its my new favorite season .	 it wo not be spring for a while over here .	does anyone abuse you , my mother broke my are yesterday because i coughed loud	 i do not have any abusive relationships , no . i would call the police if i were you .	oh no she is coming , she going to beat me again help !	 where do you live ? send me your address !	97 important person lane , in idontknow , wisconsin 89740	 i will call someone who can help you !	i hope that is is the ghostbusters they ask to call when you need help .
meow , meow . my cat says hello . i say good evening .	ll ! good evening , how are you ?	 i am great . relaxing at home with my cat . we are reading	i am home too . the hurricane messed up my job schedule .	 oh no . are you safe ?	i am . i am a 1st baseman for the orioles and we cant play miami	 i am an indians fan . i am from cleveland	nice . i use to go to university of miami but than moved to maryland	 i am moving to the beach soon . ohio is too cold	my wife and 3 kids go to the beach in the off season .	 i go year round if i am nearby	i use to go all the time before i became a baseball player .	 i stay home with the kids , my wife is a baker .	when i start winding down i want to try baking cakes
 we all live in a yellow submarine , a yellow submarine . morning !	hi ! that is a great line for my next stand up .	 lol . i am shy , anything to break the ice , and i am a beatles fan .	i can tell . i am not , you can see me in some tv shows	 really ? what shows ? i like tv , it makes me forget i do not like my family	wow , i wish i had a big family . i grew up in a very small town .	 i did too . i do not get along with mine . they have no class .	just drink some cola with rum and you will forget about them !	 put the lime in the coconut as well . . .	nah , plain cuba libre , that is what we drank yesterday at the theater .	 i prefer mojitos . watermelon or cucumber .	those are really yummy too , but not my favorite .
hello how are you today ? it is cold here	i am wonderful nice and sunny here , great day for hitting up thrift stores	 oh i love shopping at thrift stores . i collect old jazz records	i like going to authentic clothes so i can true them into my own style	 that sounds like an awesome idea , i may try that . is sewing hard ?	not really takes some time but after a while pretty easy what is your line of work	 cashier . used to do dry wall but had to have pins put in my knee	sorry to hear , art teacher here . my kids love my collective dress code lol	 i have no kids myself , yet . but my family means a lot to me	single all around the board those i teach are my kids .	 oh , i misunderstood . do you have any pets by hance ?	cats , easy to care for when i am not home	 i have a bird and three dogs , all rescues	that is wonderful , all pets need good homes make me sick how people are sometimes
 hey how are you today	howdy . i am fine . what do you do for a living ?	 i am a teacher like my mom and dad were	that is awesome . what grade do you teach ?	 science at the 8th grade level . what do you do for a living	i cant find any work right now .	 it is hard to find jobs now a days . so many people need them	yes i am going bald just stressing about it	 aww i know its hard not to stress about it but it will work out	yes i know . i like to go to the pool and forget my worries .	 the pool is nice i take my sons to the pool on the weekends	oh really ? how old are your kids ?	 3 and 7 both love water	that is awesome ! do you take your family out to eat ?
hi i am a mom with and 18yr son	okay , baseball and japanese cartoons , that where all my spare time goes , you ?	 cool i thing animals are the best	animals are aok , barolo colon , he is the best , my favourite mob player	 he is old . i like vegan food u ?	no chance . skittles professional , that is what they call me . i play , do you ?	 no i give lots of money to animal rights and sign there petitions	okay but in the skittles world its the iron skittler refer to me as that !	 cool u must love doing that i have 3 dogs	umm . . . i have 3 dogs , the iron skittler	 cool i have 3 cats also	listen , iam a professional skittles player , respect it , your cats will !	 na they hate that stuff but maybe i could like it	baseball , japanese cartoon and skittle , all i think about
hi ! what have you been doing lately ?	oh , you know , being a cyclist , i have been training a lot , you ?	 visiting with family mostly . i have to visit or talk to my sister often .	why ? my father was a cop once . i had to check in with him often too	 oh , i got mugged yesterday . does your dad know of a good place for self defense classes ?	he does actually , right by our favorite pizza place . we love pizza .	 i was wanting to go back to school , but not that school now . happened out of nowhere .	oh i am sorry . maybe we could go get a pizza sometime . you single ?	 yes i am . do you like to watch netflix ?	yep , i watch a lot of netflix being single too haha	 i have been watching making a murder and now self defense classes are near	maybe we should do that together . i am sure my dad would love me to take classes	 my sister is going to join me as well . we should meet and make plans .	well if you favor pizza like i do , wanna meet at the pizza place ?
 hello how are you today ?	fine . thinking of breaking up with my boyfriend . 5 years is too long for me .	 i am sorry to hear , break up over text	well i live with him so doing that over text would be problematic	 oh that sucks . maybe leave a note on the computer ?	my it work would give me the skills to do that . lol	 lol . just pack your things and hit him with a hockey puck	we have moved to vienna , i do not know many people outside of him .	 oh okay , well go to bars and meet some new friends	the art gallery could be a place . i love to paint vienna secession copies	 yeah that could be a good place	what is your profession ? i am an it tech	 i look after my mom who looks after grandma	oh . i used to do that . my mother was the sweetest person .	 family is the best but the worst at the same time	families hold societies together . do you think ?
hi there . how are you doing ?	i am doing well . just have to find a place to plugin my laptop . how are you ?	 i am fine . what do you like doing ?	i am a college student and a writer . what about you ?	 i am retired military and a golfer .	wow . i love military history . what branch ?	 i was in the airforce for 23 years .	what did you do ? it all sounds very interesting to me .	 i worked in air rescue .	wow . just wow . i bet you have some great stories .	 some funny , some not so funny . what is your major ?	philosophy and history . kind of a the meaning of war meets the motivations of it .	 sounds interesting . i majored in labor relations .	i am not even sure how that works . can you explain ?	 i negotiated labor contracts with various unions .	have you done a lot of that ?
do you want to come and knit with me and speckles ?	who is speckled ? i am more of a paint and canvas type of person myself .	 a cat . or we could go get tattoos .	i am always down for a new tattoo . so you like cats ?	 i love speckles . i have to keep my tattoos covered in the office	conservative workplaces are the worst . i love all cats . can you guess how many i have ?	 do you have fifty ? or seven ?	both good guesses . 23 actually . i rescue them .	 what are some of their names ?	misty , bubbles , mr . tinder , one eyed jack . the only downside is they love fish . i hate fish .	 i have a tattoo of a fish how perfect	do you like to travel ?	 i do not go to far from the office	i once took a year off of work and sailed around the world . it was amazing !	 you should have taken me with you	next time . have you sailed before ?
 hey there , hows it going ?	ah , not too bad . yourself ?	 yabu just got done chasing some kangaroos out of my back yard	that is pretty interesting . did you have any help ?	 yes , my bf of 5 years got the broom lol , kicked him the chest it was funny !	haha ! my wife would probably just make me do it all myself . she would freak out lol .	 i wanted to see the joeys even from a distance . . cute but feisty critters	i would be a little more worried about getting kicked , haha .	 lol yeah i should think a little more , but when your from london . . . you do not haha	oh , definitely . i get that . you got your excitement for the day .	 yay it was better than painting !	i will bet ! bob ross would be jealous .
 anybody is there ? i am waiting to make a good relationship with us	my two roommates are fighting	 why they are fighting with each other ?	they put a clown in one of the rooms	 very funny , how is your day going on ?	it is great . i was just making homemade donuts	 okay , what are you doing for your living ?	i work at an apartment office	 very nice , my work is to make a robot	why are you making a robot	 that is my work , if you reduce the man work you will go to robots	it might take jobs too	 no , it reduce the man work	i keep hearing things on the news about robots	 good , it is the new technology	i am a little nervous about anything new
 hello . how are you doing today ?	hello i am good how about yourself	 i am doing well . might go play some blackjack later . what are you doing ?	i am working in real estate , and in the weekends i wait tables	 cool . i like food trucks . maybe one day i will open a business . they are awesome !	yes they are , i love mcdonalds	 me too . i am a fan of the dollar menu . i do not care what anyone thinks	yeah that is the best , me and my 8 brothers go often	 8 brothers ! wow . i was raised by my older brother	what happened to your parents	 they were murdered in an alley by a thief .	oh my god , are you bruce wayne	 i would not tell you if i were . but i just might be .	do you know wonder woman ?
 hey i am a week away from my wedding	how awesome ! have you got everything done ?	 it is going to be low key in a park	i am from california and park weddings are gorgeous here .	 it is going to be fabulous . are you married	yes . our wedding was low key , as well . we even had our dog present .	 that is sweet . we are going to niagra falls for the honeymoon	that sounds like fun . i have never been to niagra falls .	 it is a little cliche , but i am excited	be sure to stop into target and pick up some raincoats .	 that is great advice i think i will make our dog the ring bearer	wonderful idea ! take plenty of dog treats . i buy mine a new biscuit everyday .	 good advice ! i will do that	he has never turned one down . have you seen any new movies lately ?	 too busy planning , what have you seen ?	i try to go at least once a month .
 wuss poppin b ? whats your deal ?	do you like to read ?	 not really , but i have to do it anyway cuz i am a student	me too , at the community college here .	 what are you studying my guy ?	ultra sound tech . do you work also ? i do at the hospital .	 nice ! i do not work , i volunteer at a dog shelter	i love animal also . do you have any ?	 i do not think so , not allowed in my dorms . i am a student	oh , i live at home . i wish i lived in the dorm	 haha yeah i am lucky . are you usually late or early ?	i am always dragging late	 ahhh that is too bad . i am usually early . you gotta be	i have to get my motivation back .
 hi how are you today ?	i am great ! just enjoying the catchy tunes of the chainsmokers . you ?	 i am reading . i love to read	me too . reading anything good ?	 just short stories . i have a lot of time to read	i read all the time . i travel a lot and read tons on my flights .	 do you have any single friends ? help me .	all my friends are single .	 well so am i . lets get this going .	ll . where are you from ?	 i am not sure really . you ?	saint louis missouri . i travel so much i am never there anymore .
are you the lady i gave my number to last night ?	hi , my favorite sport is golfing ? what is yours ?	 oh , i guess not . i was so hoping you were her . i think i fell in love .	no , i have three kids and is happy married .	 my friends say i am a hopeless romantic . i cannot help but love easily though	i am a working now in a law firm , and i love classical music	 i dropped out of college 5 weeks ago . it was too much for me .	good for you but please do not try that with me okay ?	 i will do my best , i promise .	college is hard , try classical music to calm you .	 i should . i wonder if the radio has a station ? i live in my car now .	glad to know that you will try . golfing can help you too .	 is that what you do ? i will try .	really ? you live in a car ? how big is your car ?	 it is just a little foreign thing . i park on the outskirts of la though .	yes , i do that all the time , it really helps .
 hi how are you today	hello ! i am good . my father just came home from work at ge .	 are you happy about that	it makes me as happy as seeing animals do .	 what is the best animal	green ones ! ha ha . only because that is my favorite .	 nice do you work then	i sing in my spare time . i hope to be the best singer there is !	 then you must practice often	they are pure aspirations ! i practice tennis more because i enjoy it .	 i was in the navy	my father said ge makes materials for the navy .	 yeah for our ships yeah	i could go for a tennis court on a ship !	 yeah it would be windy	that is true ! reminds me of birds in the wind .
 greetings humanoid carbon life form !	greeting sir how are you today ? ? have you ever read harry potter	 my age is 46 , next year i will be 47	that is amazing i read 47 books last yea i love books	 i prefer the singing troup the backstreet boys	backstreet boys are awesome not as cool as the walkin dead on hd	 i dislike controlling my automobile	i also enjoy game of thrones its getting pretty wild	 i require to ingest 4 tablets a day to survive	i am a vegetarian but i love tablets	 i love the flavour of fermented solidified dairy products	wow this is taking longer than reading all night	 my age is below 46	your old enough for game of thrones
 hi how are you doing ?	i am good how about you ! ?	 i am doing good thanks for asking	i scrub in the shower until i turn red .	 what do you do for a living ?	i am a cat baby sitter . love cats !	 do you have any hobbies ?	i love taking pictures i am a photographer .	 what kind of music do you like ?	my favorit choice would have to be r b .	 i like that too . i like country as well	oh nice . music can be so relaxing .
hi , how are you ? what do you do for a living ?	hi i am an accountant but i dream to advance my musical career	 that is interesting . i do not have a full time job , i just do odd jobs	that is cool what kind of odd jobs	 just odd ones . i work to support my 3 siblings .	that is so nice of you	 what kind of music do you like ?	i play the electric violin an di love imagine dragons	 wow . that is a cool instrument	yeah its pretty nice though takes a lot of practicing	 do you like to travel ?	i do but i wish i had more time to	 i travel alot but i stay in the u . s	yeah its expensive to travel overseas
 hello . how are you doing today ?	hello i am doing great	 cool . sorry it took me so long . what are you doing ?	no problem just eating mashed potatoes which are my favorite	 oh that sounds good . especially with a hamburger steak . i like triple cheeseburgers	triple burgers my parents would not let me eat those in their house .	 well sometimes you just have to break the mold . be iconoclastic .	very true that describes my brother who served in the military	 an iconoclastic soldier . like bill murray in that movie . cant remember .	i do not know about that movie	 stripes . its called stripes . your brother must be a funny guy .	to some maybe . i watch a lot of game of thrones . its a favorite	 i still have not seen it . i do not care for medieval fantasy much . its ok .	i did not care for it in the beginning but the popularity drew me
 hi how are you doing ?	i am good thanks for asking	 any cool plans for the upcoming weekend ?	nope just going to stay home	 that sounds relaxing . i am going to catch up on superhero shows	what do you do for a living ?	 i work for a tech company	what city are you from ?	 cupertino , ca . probably why i am so loyal to the iphone haha	i have a brother in san jose	 that is awesome ! the startup i work for is actually located in san jose	do you have any hobbies ?
 hi how are you today ?	am fine and how are you doing ?	 i am alright i kinda want some beef	but are you going to prepare it your self or wanna buy from a restaurant ?	 maybe a restaurant i think . do you like music ?	yes and my favorite is country music .	 i play guitar in a band	that is nice am a ballet dancer .	 are you in a relationship ?	no , i still want to stay single .	 i am in a very intimate and great one	so , now what are you coming at ?	 i work at home its great	i travel to town for work every day except weekends .
 hi there . how are you today ?	i am good . just a little jet lagged . you ?	 oh , where are you coming from ? i am good .	europe trip with my mom . she is kind of famous . blessed .	 oh . i just moved to sweden a few months ago .	is it beautiful have never been	 you should come ! you would love it .	think i would . how are the people ?	 everyone is so nice here .	really ? that is cool . wish that were true !	 i am always losing something , what about you ?	used to . the key is to have a home for important stuff .	 yeah . i lose my keys , my mind , my shoes , everything .	loosing your mind too ? that is good sometimes .	 sometimes haha . what is your favorite band ?	a band called incubus . love .
 hello , how are you doing today ?	hi ! i am good . i just got done watching goodfellas , my favorite movie !	 that is a very good movie . i , personally , love disney movies .	cool ! do you have other hobbies ? i love to watch football and hockey on tv .	 i play soccer as often as i can !	oh nice , great exercise . i really love reading , but should get outdoors more .	 i love reading too ! if i am not playing soccer or working then i am definitely reading !	i am planning a party for my parents , they have been married 40 years this friday !	 wow , that is impressive . my parents are still married too . i live with them .	that is great , too many marriages do not last these days .	 i know . i do not think i am going to get married . . .	me either , too many headaches . haha	 do you have a girlfriend or boyfriend ?	no , i am very shy so it is hard to meet people .
 what did you do today ?	i worked out an getting ready for the weekend .	 i need to work out . i eat way too much chocolate cake	what you doing this weekend ?	 i am gonna rock out on my guitar . you ?	chocolate cake is okay , i love walking the beach .	 my dogs and i do that every so often . i have a couple of siberian huskies	are you in college or already done ?	 i am in college now . i am a trooper for my school . michigan state	cool , like pizza come check me out . . . best pizza in miami	 you work at a pizza place ?	yes i do while i do my studies	 what school do you go to ? i love alfredo pizza !	miami state , is that kind any good ?
 how are you ? tell me about your dad ! mine is a bartender	my dad was a police officer for 20 years .	 wow ! that is a long time . he must have been a hard worker like my pops .	my wife just became legally deaf . breaks my heart .	 sad ! i love the deaf because my dad taught me to love all .	how many brothers do you have ? i have six .	 big fam ! i have 1 brother who started as a cook just like dad	how cool ! my full time job is building aquariums . yours ?	 i am a social worker because of the strong sense of right and wrong dad gave me	my parents are over the age of 100 years old . how old are yours ?	 dad died last year at 70 , but mom is still kicking at 72 !	sorry to here ! my brother runs a hollywood studio .
good morning , i hate dark gloomy days i lost my husband	me too . about the weather . its pretty sunny here right now though .	 last year he died from old age .	well that is good it was not a terrible disease or anything . have any cats ?	 no no no cats just a coffee addict lol	i have several cats , enough that you could probably call me a crazy cat lady !	 lol oh man how old are you ?	i am 32 , how old are you ?	 i am 77 wishing he was here	i wish my husband were here too . he is always so busy with work .	 what does he do for work ? got any family	he is ceo of a major fast food company . we just have the cats , no kids .	 do you want kids ? me an my fam link each an every saturday	no i do not want any children . do you have a favorite color ?	 my fav color is pink	i am a fan of blue , especially baby blue .
 hi there ! my least favorite food is salad .	hello . how are you ? i love cooking !	 what do you like to cook ? i have no idea how to cook personally .	what is your favorite food ? just new recipes i find .	 i like anything my mom cooks . she stayed home to raise us .	then i post them on social media . that is amazing .	 yeah she was amazing . she helped me graduate valedictorian from high school .	is she no longer around ?	 she is . . . just meant when i was growing up . eventually i moved away from home .	that is good . where are you from ?	 san francisco originally . i moved to nyc . so i never get her cooking anymore .	she did not teach you ? my mom never cooked .	 unfortunately not . i could really use the skill . kitchens here are just as small .	beautiful lady she just never learned from my grams .
 how are you doing today ?	great . just doing some online shopping . looking at fiction novels . you ?	 well , i just got back from the animal shelter	animals are cool . i love dogs , i consider mine my kids . dog mommy .	 that is cool ! i just also got from helping my mom at the bank	i work for monsanto . well , used to . they are after me now .	 i love ravioli ! why are they after you ?	i put out a deadly supply of corn seed . part of a terror plot on inda .	 well , you know , i speak french	1 sec . placing my amazon order . i really enjoy prime . ok , bonjour .	 what are you getting on amazon ?	a rubber message wand . duct tape . olive oil . dog collar . usual stuff .	 i do not think tape is usual !	it is pretty much a monthly order of mine . just me and my dogs .	 is prime that worth it ?	all jokes aside . it really is . if you order even once a month , it is worth it .
 hey there ! how are you today ?	doing well , how about you ?	 ok , i got a sweater today but it did not fit , too small	what color was the sweater ?	 it was purple , total bummer . do you like math ? i cant do it	math is cool but really not my thing , i like yoga .	 ooh i just started doing yoga , i love it !	tuesday is my yoga day . do you go on a regular day ?	 thursdays for me , what kind is your favorite ?	i am down with all of it . i swim on thursdays .	 i love swimming too . my new apartment has a pool and i am spoiled	that is cool . do you have kids ?	 nah , just a dog , i am not a fan of kids	i do not have kids either but most kids like to swim . i like to shop also .	 oh do not we all ! i love to shop .	what kind of dog do you have ?
hello , how are you doing today ?	wonderful , and how are you ?	 not too good , just got home from my parents house .	well , whats wrong ? seeing family should uplift you .	 i love them , but hate keeping secrets from them . i am gay and they do not know .	oh . . . my sister is gay not openly closet because of her career as an author .	 its sad when we have to hide ourselves . i am a welder because it was manly .	yeah she hates it , the family vacations every winter in florida but she never comes .	 would your parents be angry with her ?	she feels like they are angry but i think they would appease gradually .	 i feel like i would be disowned , by my dad at the least .	really ? do you do anything to assist you with coming out ?	 i have tried bringing it up before , but something always gets in the way .	i help my sister by taking her to karaoke on thursdays to overcome her fears .
 hello how are you tonight	hello , i am doing fine , how are you ?	 i am great thank you	do you have any pets ?	 2 dogs they are so sweat you ?	i have 5 cats , i really really really adore cats	 i like them too , i just do not have any	when i play games they curl up with me	 wow that is so cool i would like to see	only if you were my lesbian lover ; d	 lol i do not see that one lol	yeah , bit of a long shot xd	 it is ok we are all free to do what we want	do you like to play video games ?	 i love to play them	what games are your favorites ?
 hello , i am tommy salami . tell me about yourself	dragons are my spirit animal and my name is john	 well nice to meet you john . sometimes i write about dragons	i am only 44 and already a grandpa	 well that is pretty cool . i am 99 and i run every day	i run alot to cause i love chili cheese dogs	 chili cheese dogs caused all of my first 6 heart attacks	i prefer nighttime but daylight is pretty if i had my coffee	 coffee is okay . i prefer tea	plus my commute home is always easier then to work over an hour in good traffic	 i prefer to run through traffic to work	lol if i did that i would not survive to see my grandson	 my grandchildren are blind , so they cant see me anyway	ouch i have a deaf nephew	 i miss my old pet cow . her name was chip	aww i had a chicken named bob
 hello	hi how are you ?	 just got off of work so i am pretty tired . how are you ?	i took my two dogs outside and am getting read to cook dinner	 oh really ? what are you cooking ?	something for me and my two roommates . probably a chicken alfredo	 that is fairly easy to make . i am heating leftovers waiting for my wife to get home .	that is nice of you to have dinner ready . what are your hobbies ?	 unfortunately i do not have much time for hobbies . what about you ?	cooking , but i love movies . . . scary movies . except when they include clowns	 so i am guessing you are not a fan of it . ll	no not at all ! and not the commercials or anything to do with clowns .
 hey how are you this great day ?	not too bad , just got in from work	 oh where do you work ?	i work for a diner near me as a cook . . . . i smell like grease ugh !	 that is stinks , i have an office job . so i like to run when i can .	running is a great hobby . i love to write when i get the chance	 sadly i am really tall so when i run my arms and legs just look weird , lol .	that is ok you just have to find your stride . . . . . . can you keep a secret ?	 i like to think that i can .	i have written several romance novels under a different name . . . .	 too that pretty good , did you make alot of money ?	yes to pay for luxury adventure vacations	 that pretty nice , are you married ?	was but was unwilling to be an extension of his mother , so . . . . . .
 hello , how are you today ? i am just watching tv .	i am good thanks for asking	 do you live with anyone else ? i am alone and lonely today .	i live with my wife	 very nice . what do you do for fun ?	go watch movies go out dining	 i love cheeseburgers whats your favorite food ?	i love fine dining mostly	 i like to go fishing and make my own fine dinners .	what do you do for a living ?	 i work on cas . what about you ?	i do finance for a local business	 do you enjoy finance as a profession ?	yes i do . what bout you ?
 hi , want to talk ? how tall are you ?	i am 5 feet and 7 inches . how about you ?	 six foot even . i ask to establish dominance early on , shortie	hey ! ! i may be stronger . lol	 doubt it , but more importantly i like classical music very classy	i like an array of music from rock to country to classical .	 i honestly do not care , i only like going to the opera	i played classical music all the time for my children .	 i love vacationing in paris more than my children	i have never been out of the country .	 that is too bad , do you at least have a good car ?	i have one that gets me where i need to go .	 i drive a bentley , it is my favorite type of car , 6 foot minimum	what ? i drive a pick up truck .	 oh yeah ? no implication there , you do you . i like turtles .	you drive a bentley and trying to earn a few bucks on here ? what ?	 yeah i am researching a role , i am also an actor	good luck with your career .
 i hope my husband is all right , the kids are worried .	why ? what happened ? i am just making designs .	 he is off with the dept fighting fires , on our kids birthday night !	org ! sorry to hear that ! i work for dreamworks tell the kids !	 that might cheer them up , we are going on for sushi moms fav haha .	ask them do they have any things they would like to see ? i will dedicate	 they like firefighters and nurses , dad and mom respectively . cute kids 3	alright , i wil get on it i love to draw you will see it 1 day	 our kids , jimmy and sara , will surely love it ! thank you so much !	i am a designer its such a passion	 i am a nurse , passionate about helping others !	you are welcome ! i am freelancing still . i love nurses . you can help husband
hey you . what is going on ?	i love magic mike because i love singing and playing video games .	 oh that is a good movie ! but only because the guys are hot	i stay in a big city how about you ?	 no place exciting but i would love to go to rome one day	why do you want to go there ?	 it is beautiful . but i am scared to go alone	you should go alone its cheaper	 i get worried because i am a girl and it is dangerous	you can protect yourself first	 very true . i would like to go with my parents but my dad is awful	why did he do something to you ?	 he just did not even try . he is such a deadbeat	lol that is was so funny haha	 it is actually really sad that and kurt cobain dying ruined my life	why do you love him that much ?
 hi how are you today	how are you doing today	 pretty good thank and you ?	i am doing good thank you for asking	 what do you do for fun	i play sports and take my kids to the park	 nice what do you like to drink	i do not really drink any more but i use to drink jack	 i love coke its gret with jack too	yes it is but i like pepsi better	 do you ever go running ?	yes i like to stay in shape	 me too running is the best	i love extricess i am 33 but look 17 everyone says	 noah gimme some of those genes	lol thanks how old are u
 good evening . read any good books lately ?	good evening . no i do not read too much .	 do you have any hobbies you would really like to talk about ?	i really like shopping and playing volleyball . what about you ?	 well , aside from reading true crime books , i am too busy studying .	oh and what are you studying ?	 i am working on my masters in sociology . hope to work in hr someday .	oh ok cool . how much time you have till you get your masters ?	 i am in my last semester . are you in school ?	no i decided to take a break from school	 then you must be working . or just taking some time off ?	both actually . i am saving up money to go back to school .	 what do you do for work ? do you like it ?	i work at a call center with city bank . it pays the bills . you ?
 hi how are you doing ?	i am doing good . i just got home from work . how about you ?	 i am going good thanks . where are you from ?	i am an army brat , so i have been all over . i love traveling , so its great . you ?	 my life is boring . . . i work for my parents	you can always change that ! i have been everywhere in the u . s . except for alaska .	 i wish but they forced me into it	www . what do you like to do for fun ?	 i like to take walks in the park . . read	what genres do you like to read ? i am really into self help books .	 i have read alot of horror	that is awesome . are you into movies as well ?
 want to listen to me play my guitar ?	could be fun , whats your favorite song to play ?	 wonderwall . i can teach you how to play .	i do not believe i have that talent . my family does not believe i have any talent	 they are mean . although i prefer classical music on my harp .	my family and i do not get along , i really wish i was an animal . . dog maybe	 cool . you should travel to europe . get away from family .	have you been there ? i would really love to travel to space p	 astronaut ? i love dogs but they pee on my vegetable garden .	what kind do you grow ? and no , just wonder what space life is like	 no to europe . can i fly with you ? i can grow potatoes .	yes we could start a space garden full of potatoes !	 you will never be hungry again . fat , maybe .	true , lets do it ! i am disappointed with regular life , need some excitement !	 cool . can we bring all my string instruments too ?	for sure the guitar . . harp seems annoying , sorry
hello , how are you tonight ?	this is really hard for me , talking to people is something i hate .	 podcast help me with anger management in traffic .	i use d an d in the same way , i play it all the time .	 i have a long commute , i use them to relax	i think i should have lead another live , be born a prince .	 i live vicariously through books , you should try it .	i live life through the fuel of nachos .	 you sound like my son , lol . only his is tacos .	very similar and delicious none the less .	 i prefer brownies and cake .	those are what you have after nachos !	 i believe it , the way he raids the sweet bin .	you have a whole bin of sweets ?
 hi how are you doing today	i am doing great ! i just got a job as a security guard !	 i am still looking for a job .	using high speed internet for job hunting is convenient these days	 yeah that is very true . super easy .	one of the reason i got high speed internet is to play chess	 that is very interesting . are you good at it ?	yes , i would consider myself an expert . it is difficult for someone to beat me in chess	 i do not like chess much .	when i am not busy working , i like to walk around my city and enjoy nature	 you must be a blast at parties .	i do not like going to parties . do you ?	 absolutely , it is very fun to be with friends	sometimes . perhaps i should be more social	 do whatever you like , man .	what is your favorite thing to do in your spare time
 hi , what are you doing today ?	just finished some whittling out in my shop . how about you ?	 wow , that sounds interesting ! i am going to go practice guitar for a while .	what kind of music do you play ? i love folk music .	 me too , but mostly i play jazz , usually bass . what did you make ?	i made a jewelry box as a gift for my sisters birthday next month . she will be 35 .	 that sounds like a really nice gift . after that , i will probably go out for dinner .	where will you go for dinner ?	 i really like dim sum , but they only have it here on sunday , so probably thai food .	sounds good . i love thai food .	 i do not like fast food , so i will have to go into the city .	i live in the city . what do you do ?	 i am a paralegal , but really , i like to drive go karts ! ! how about you ?	i have a degree in communication , and i am in the navy .	 really ? i work at an army base !	very nice ! how long have you been in the army ?
 i want to buy more art supplies	what kind of art do you like to produce ?	 i like to draw and paint	that is cool . i teach at an elementary school and kids love art .	 what is your favorite color ?	i love green probably because i am vegan . i love veggies .	 i am vegan too i love veggies	tell me you are ocd also ?	 not really . i try to keep up with everything	i am too much on top of things , probably neurotic i guess .	 i have had a lot of people pass away . i have not been feeling well	oh so sorry . i find a lot of peace at my seventh day adventist church .	 i am in peace just not worried about having everything cleaned up perfectly	i understand . hopefully things will smooth over .	 i admire it i just do not have the energy at the moment	make a nice vegan dinner and pray .
 hey what are you up to	not much how are you today ?	 i am okay i dislike my job	what do you do for work	 i work an office job but i really wanna try out exploring	well just do it then yo	 i try to , currently i visit india when on occasion	did you ever do karate ?	 one time when i was young , whats your favorite color ?	black like my karate belt	 oh i like black but my favorite is blue	do you enjoy singing and such ?
 hey do you have any pets	no , not yet . i just moved to my first house here in springfield , mo .	 oh yeah ? was it for a job ? i work in the tech field .	i write , which i could do from anywhere . good apps for bbq here , and hunting	 i like the outdoors too more of an adrenaline junky tho . not scared of much .	what sports ? my brothers and i like to go hunting multiple times during the year .	 free diving . i know its a bit crazy . off topic , how tall are you ?	6 feet 1 inch tall	 i am 5 5 . so you are just the right height .	the right height for what ?	 i like to date taller people . just a preference .	i was not really looking , but i am single	 well i mean we could just hang out as friends , do something outdoors ?	sure , plenty to outdoors in mo	 or , or . . . what about hunting video games lol	haha , that could be interesting !
 hi , i love to be scary	wow , that is scary . lol . how are you scary ?	 i do not really know . la la la	you know what is scary ? inheriting an appliance store ! refrigerators ! ! !	 oh nice ! i like concerts	concerts , like music ? do you watch concerts on netflix ?	 no , i watch them on my roof	wow , that sounds like fun . and cheap , lol . i prefer foreign films on netflix .	 i live for cheapness . it is stellar	i hear you . i run marathons too . . . they are no expensive at all .	 i just started running . . . i am not good	starting is good . keep it up ! how far do you usually run ?	 30 seconds every 3 minutes . lol . not good	ok well , you gotta start somewhere , right ? people make me nervous . running is easier . . .	 running and animals are what i like	what are some of your favorite animals ? do you have pets ?
 this ic cream is good but i would rather be having a burger . how are you ?	just got back from the gym ! i had my favorite christian electric dance station on !	 i was just watching hamilton . that is my favorite musical .	good one ! i am an app developer . i think they can heal our world .	 i do not go to the gym but i like playing a lot of tennis .	poor people do not get to play tennis and that is sad .	 i am and accountant but you probably make more money than i do with apps .	that is not huge deal to me . people get annoyed that i champion for the poor .	 nothing wrong with that . you should give away free burgers to the poor .	now , watching people pray and really connecting with the lord . love !	 hamilton might bring you closer to the lord too .	thanks for being nice . most people do not like me . but i still love them	 i am an accountant so i have to like everybody . even some i really do not like	yeah . my dad is a cpa . i get it !
 hello how is your day going	my day is just fine , do you have any hobbies ?	 i adore my three dogs at home	that is great because i love my pet cat	 i also love riding my bike	that sounds like great exercise , i love to sit and read at home	 my blood sugar is crazy i need to check	yeah make sure to take care of yourself , try reading comics , i love them	 excercise is not my favorite but it needs to be	yes its important , nightish is also one of my favorite brands , try it .	 what is the nightish brand sell	i do not know lol but it sounds like mouthwash or something
 hello how are you today ?	hi i am doing pretty good . just finished looking through my comic book collection . you ?	 what is your favorite comic book ? i am watching the cubs	superman ! i need to dust them often because i am allergic .	 i think superman would look better if his suit was purple	i do love purple . i also have an autograph collection of over 2 , 000 autographs .	 wow that is crazy do you have any from the actors of clueless ?	yes ! i have alicia silverstone . i also like snakes . i have two .	 i want a snake but i have hit my limit on my credit	they are great pets ! i just started an organic only diet .	 how is that going ? can you still eat meat ?	yes as long as it is organic .	 well that is good i could not give up meat	i want to try to eat healthy , but still a balanced diet .	 i agree i want to be healthier , so i can enjoy my car longer	what kind of car do you have ?
 hi how are you ?	hi i am look for some people to workout with every day . are you interested ?	 yeah i am pretty adventurous . i am into skydiving	nice but skydiving is hard to watch . my favorite sport to watch is basketball	 cool . i am in a band what do you do for a living ?	person i am super rich and do not work , i even own a ferrari from my favorite company dude .	 that is cool what hobbies do you have ?	watching sports on t . v . is something i like . and throwing money at bums	 i like to garden its pretty different from my job in a band	hmm i think i will go count my money right now you are boring me .	 ok	one thousand and one	 ok bye	one million !
 hi how are you doing	wonderful ! how are you doing today ?	 i am good what are your hobbies	i enjoy playing piano ! i hope to be able to teach music after retirement .	 that is nice i work for the government not as fun	i am currently in financial business . would rather teach music haha !	 haha that is funny do you like baseball	not at all , but my son loves it !	 i try to go to a game almost every week	wow ! i am more of a football gal myself .	 ah what kinds of food do you like	japanese food is my all time favorite . and you ?
 i like a crime novels through stories	i weigh well over 300 pounds	 do you like dogs i have usually to talk	i love candy and am fat	 insurance companies where i work as a secretary	oh ok . that is lovely now	 hey i make sure that i go to disney world every year	disney rocks . i am married and love movies	 my two brothers i m really close to them	i do not like my brother at all	 why it s fun hanging out with them	mine is a terrible person	 just go with the flow with them and you find ways to have fun with them	mine hates me . he will never come around	 that s hilarious i think that s natural to everybody	no no . . . mine is nuts , a scum bag
hello , how are you ? i so glad i bought a house with my lovey .	hi ! i am arnold . i live with my parents .	 where do you live ? i am from portland , oregon .	i get to drink lots of orange juice cos i live in florida !	 talking about drink , i brew beer with my gay partner .	is that like my classmate joey who has two dads ?	 yes , it is like that . are you in college , if so what is your major ?	i am in 5th grade . i only know about college from tv .	 wow , you are very young . i thought you would be older .	you must be a grown up .	 i am . were your family able to evacuate florida when hurricane irma came ?	we are staying with grandma . she lets me watch cartoons .
 hello . how are you tonight	hi , i am good . my little boy is named owen . keeping me busy .	 my cat is milo , sitting on my neck	cats make me sneeze something terrible . but some people just love them .	 oh i am really sorry , cats rock	i know . my dog thinks they are delicious , lol . just got my nails done . . .	 i will not eat my cat . that is mean	i will not either promise . unfortunately my dog often does as he pleases , lol .	 i like your dog , he sounds cool	most dogs are cool , you are right . hubby getting home soon . . . lawyers , yikes !	 oh no , do not lie to him	lawyers always lie . what are you talking about ? he will not recognize truth .	 oh no . that is not good	yeah , tell me about it . but what to do ? difficult to divorce a lawyer !	 i am so sorry . my guy is great	happy for you ! no need worry about me . son and dog are saviors !
 hi how are you today	hi i am very relaxed how are you ?	 i am good do you work	for some reason running helps me relax . i just had a good 3 mile run .	 you should run often then	i am a vet . i work with animals . it reminds me of the farm where i grew up .	 nice do you have pets	i try to run every day . it is very relaxing . yes i have a parrot .	 how is the weather there ?	nights are starting to cool down . how is it where you are ?	 is it a big humid it rained	my brother is running with me tomorrow . he is in the army	 can you run faster than him	maybe not but i can run longer . i can run all day .	 well what colors do you like	red , white and blue and silver too , what about you ?
hi how are you tonight	hi my name is jenny , from france . i am in us now .	 hey . i am working in a high school	are you a teacher ? and what is your gender ?	 yea i am and i volunteer too	do you teach french , i love soccer do you play ?	 nah . but i do lots of yoga	i hope to make more friends in us , maybe i should do yoga ?	 yea do it often . thrice a wk	you want me to do yoga twice a week ?	 yea . do it often . its great	i also love to read asteria , do you know what it is ?	 yea i love it . its great	tell me about asteria , and how often you read it ?	 i read it in many languages	i also draw the comic , do you know how ?
hi how are you today ?	very well , thank you . how is yours ?	 i am alright but i am so lonely	i am too . i spend most of my time sitting in front of the computer	 do you shop online then ?	mostly trying to learn english as i am a esl person	 very cool . i made kids books	that sounds very enjoyable . maybe those would be easy for me to read	 yeah . do you love anyone ?	no not at the moment . i live vicariously through foreign movies and tv	 i do not thing love is real either do not worry	would you like to learn about other cultures with me ?	 that does sound nice i am alone	lets do it ! any culture you want to start with first ?	 surprise me oh cultured one	i am thinking about maybe the italian culture
 hi , how are you doing ?	i am good . . . married , 3 kids , love classical music golfing , promoted in law firm . you ?	 very good . i like learning about strangers .	well , i can tell you lots about me . i love my job . do you work ?	 i do not work , but when i get some money i am moving to the beach .	oh , i love the beach , too . love golfing with beach view . do you golf ?	 i do not golf , but i have been mini golfing . i like the monkey themed ones	i want to work in costa rica monkeys live here . . . where i can raise my kids and golf	 that is so awesome . i would love to travel where there are monkeys !	do you like classical music . . . i love it .	 its not bad , i am more into dance music	my favorite classical is edvard grieg peer gyne suite no . 1 , op . 46 morning mood	 that is cool . i like pictures at an exhibition by modest mussorgsky .	i like art too . so are you learning enough about a stranger ?
 hello , how are you tonight ?	i am well . just got back from my friend miles house .	 oh , what were you doing over there ?	hanging out by the pool , eating bbq and pizza .	 sounds like fun ! i have been busy with my clients tonight	that is cool . what do you do for a living ?	 i own a small buisness . i help give out sports info	that is an odd job to have . do you live in a very sports aware city ?	 every city is sports aware when there is money to make	i suppose that is true . i am not that into sports . i just 19 . . .	 what do you mean by 19 ?	only 19 years old . i still have imaginary friends . ll	 haha , cool . i do have a counseling firm . if you need me .	you should not spread yourself thin . two businesses is a bit much
hello , i just got home from rock climbing .	how was it ? i bet it was a blast	 so awesome ! , i went with my younger brother . well the oldest younger , there are 5 of us	gotcha . what car do you drive ?	 i drive a ford hatchback . just a small car . are you into cars ?	i am . i love driving my jag everywhere	 that is cool , do you have any pets ?	no pets . they make me angry	 that you do not have a pet ? i have a parrot !	i have anger problems . i need to relive stress a lot	 oh no . pets are good for anger .	maybe that is a good idea . may be able to replace my family	 you do not enjoy your family ?	not too members that i am a fan of these days	 i am very sorry . do you have any hobbies ?	people watching in the bars i go to
hi i am amy do you have any hobbies ?	i do but i have no time now that i care for my grandparents .	 that is sweet you care for them , i visit mine at least once a year .	i got a college scholarship but had to drop out to care for them .	 i am sure they enjoy you are company . i love to go to museums .	i love them to . i was homeschooled by my mom and she took us there often .	 i was also homeschooled , it was fun being able to stay in pajamas all day !	she was a stay at home mom to my siblings and i .	 that is fun , i am currently listening to classical music . do you have any favorites ?	i love all music . especially while eating . but i hate salads !	 salads are disgusting , and i love to eat dinner while watching the voice !	i know i would like that show if i watched it . never have time .	 maybe you could watch it with you are grandparents , i am sure they would like it too .	yes , that is a great idea ! i will have to do that for sure .
hi how are you today	hi , i am great . have been outside gardening . how about yourself ?	 i am good do you garden a lot	yes , i love plants . do you enjoy planting flowers or vegetables ?	 both really do you eat food	i plant veggies and use them when i am cooking .	 what else do you do then	i enjoy going to concerts with my friends . do you like music ?	 yeah what do you listen to	rock mostly . how about you ?	 that sounds good do you have a dog	i have three dogs and love animals . do you have pets ?	 i have one named bob yeah	i have leo , odis and schwartz . have you had bob a long time ?	 i have , or you could say he found me	my were casts offs . has bob been with you a long time ?
 hey there hows it going	hi , its great . just watching some videos , what about you ?	 nothing much just been on my computer	do you watch any sports ?	 yes but i only really watch hockey	nice , what do you like about it ? i prefer watching soccer games , i am really into it .	 it is just really entertaining to watch to be honest	as long as youre having fun , it does not matter	 true , very true , so what are you doing ?	looking online for some new shoes . are you up to anything ?	 not really just watching my daughter slowly pull things in her crib haha	aw , how old is your daughter ?	 she is almost 8 months	how is it like being a parent ? is this your first born ?	 hectic haha , she is definitely a handful , and yes	hopefully it gets better with time , wish i could meet her haha
 hi , how was your day ?	awesome and yours	 it was awesome ! i went horseback riding with some friends . you ?	went fishin with my buddies !	 www , i wish i could ! i am allergic to seafood	seafood or worms ? lol !	 haha . both ! is that your favorite food ?	i prefer venison actually !	 what is that ? i love cheese , especially goat cheese !	never had that before	 oh its really good , especially with lamb burgers . what is venison ?	deer ya bait em and shoot em !	 oh wow . i am an animal lover , so could not shoot one .	the system cant count .
 hi how are you doing	hi ! i am doing well ! how are you ?	 i am good do you have pets	i do not have any pets . my father never let me . he is a loser .	 oh that is sad i just got a cat	what did you name him or her ?	 kj its my mothers initials	that is sweet ! do you like to travel ?	 i do but i am a nurse so i have a busy schedule	that is a good job to have . i hate traveling alone and want to go to rome .	 maybe you can plan a trip with friends	that is a good idea . i could dress up in my dress and boots !	 yeah do you cook a lot	no not really . do you ?
 hello my name is jake how are u	i am great . i needed to take a break from studying	 i know the feeling just took my husky tyrion on a walk	i bet that gives you good exercise . i get most of mine biking to school	 sadly i did not get that luxury in canada the roads are steep	oh you are in canada ? i am lucky my school is only a mile from me	 yeah and school was 13 miles away , whats your favorite food ?	anything that is quick . that i can eat while i am on my new laptop	 nice i love my laptop as much as i love tilapia	haha tilapia is yummy . my laptop is great but the battery is horrible	 haha i know that my rc cars would lose races if their battery was like my laptop	that sounds like a lot of fun . i am a writer during my spare time	 i got into it helping my nephew so we race together	that is a really great bonding experience .	 yeah i do not have kids so its nice	me neither . so what do you look like ?
 how are you doing tonight ?	good ! just listening to some music . you ?	 playing games online . and playing with my pet snake .	i love snakes , i just read a book about snakes recently !	 i love them too . i dream of living in the middle of the desert .	i would rather live somewhere with cooler weather !	 not fond of the cold , but i am an engineer intern and live in the cold .	i would love to travel and visit somewhere very cold	 somewhere in alaska , or iceland ?	would love to visit alaska , i have read several books about alaska ! i have some family there	 wisconsin is too cold for me , lol .	what type of music do you like ? i enjoy anything except country !	 ll , yeah me too . i cannot cope with country .	what do you do for fun ? i enjoy hanging out with my friends .
 hi there how are you ?	i am well , how are you ?	 i am good just reading the bible	can not go wrong with the bible . what do you do for a living ?	 i have a jewelry boutique , and you ?	secretary at a law firm	 what do you do on your spare time ?	swimming and hanging out with my cats . how about you ?	 design jewelry or go to a craft show	cool . can you make an orange necklace ? that my fave color	 yes i can make any color simple or bold look	i like bold and daring	 do you like trying new things ?	absolutely . i will try anything once	 lucky i get scared last minute	you can not be scared , step out of faith . everything will be fine
 i do not work because i won the lottery . what do you do ?	i work at a community garden center , and do some volunteering at an animal shelter .	 i love animals and plants .	oh yeah me too , my parents were a huge influence in my life .	 i have an ok relationship with mine but not that close anymore .	yeah i keep a couple secrets from mine . i am wiccan and have not told them .	 mine is jealous of my winnings .	at least they are not science deniers like mine .	 i could not stand that .	yeah growing up with them made me very suspicious . i do not trust anything .	 that would be difficult to deal with .	do you have anything difficult to deal with ?	 not anymore . i used to be poor , though .	good thing you won the lottery , huh .	 yes . i was at the end of my rope when i won .	has the money made your life easier ?
 hello . how are you doing today ?	great ! i am just practicing my music , you ?	 i am feeding my fabulous cat and getting ready to study	interesting ! so youre an animal lover ? i am too . that is why i am vegan !	 yes i have so much love for my cat	my drummer has a cat named system . our fav band is system of a down	 i like that band too . my favorite song is aerials	when i was 6 i learned to play piano and that is the first song i learned !	 wow ! on the piano , it must sound amazing	its better on guitar . i will play it for you ! i just got my 9th i need to jam	 yes please , i never learned the piano , i am more the athletic type .	what athletics are you into ?
 hi how are you	i am okay , just tired . got back from a long run . how are you ?	 i am doing okay just finished reading one of my favorite books	what kind of book ? i seem to only read cooking books	 enders game a military sci fi	i have pressure to read that from friends . is it good ?	 yeah i love it , it brings back memories from the war but i still enjoy it	makes sense from what i have heard . what else do you like to do ?	 i tend to my garden . what do you like to do besides work out	i love having my grays dyed back blonde . i only grow herbs inside for cooking	 i grow mostly tomatoes and cucumbers	yum , great for a sandwich !	 i like eating just tomatoes sometimes with little salt and pepper	i know some people like that but i would rather have salsa ! what is your favorite color ?
 hi , hows your day going ?	pretty good thanks for asking , and you ?	 well enough . whereabouts are you located ?	i am located in ohio , how about you ?	 dublin , in ireland . where in ohio ?	near youngstown . do you have any children ?	 no , but i have a sister .	nice . my children and i just finished watching my favorite childrens cartoon , thomas the train .	 cool . i am up late working on my degree .	sounds like you are quite dedicated .	 very much so . i might reward myself with some cake later .	good choice . fun fact , i named my dog percy from thomas the train .
 hi ! i am arnold . how are you ?	good , thanks . its beautiful weather but chilly , i prefer the springtime	 me too . that is when my birthday is . i will be 11 !	i am a graphic designer and i am inspired by landscape painting	 i mostly watch tv when i am not at school though .	whats your favorite tv program these days ?	 rick and morty , but do not tell my mom .	ok , secret is safe from mom . what do you plan for the future ?	 i just learned how to make ham and cheese sandwiches . i love them . maybe i will be chef !	mmm art of cooking . . . my hobby is to walk on the beach and make seascape paintings	 i have never seen the ocean . but what if it was orange juice instead ? so cool !	wow , that is surreal ! what other little known facts are there about you ?	 i am ten , right now . until the spring . is there anything weird and cool about you ?	well , people say i am weird and cool , in general . because i am an eccentric artist	 i have never met an artist before . do you paint ? they cut art out at school .	yes , i take my easel and canvas to the beach . what do you study in school ?
 hi , do you like jokes ?	um , not really . do you like jokes ?	 some would say i am a joker , but some jokes go too far	oh that is unfortunate . do you like cake ?	 love cake ! do you bake ?	no , but i do love cake that is mystery flavoured	 oh not me , i like to know what i am getting . i like simple times	gotcha , the voices in my head like to keep me picking surprises	 there is a guy on southpark that has voices in his head my friends watch it	oh ? i think i hear them because no one else seems to hear them	 that could be a problem for you . do you watch the flintstones ?	no i do not . do you ?	 yes i really like to watch them . do you like any shows ?	no . i like watching the pool boy at the neighbors though	 that is scandal waiting to happen !	ha , well he is quite a cutie
 hey how are you ? just got back from my daily hike ! !	oh you must keep in shape . i do too	 yea i do some farming so i keep in shape .	good for you . i run a business so i have to make time to do fitness	 i bet ! being a youngest of 4 children i found like to be hectic as well	my biggest escape is travel . i am going to barbados next month	 that is awesome ! i do not travel ever since i got in a car accident and lost my arm	oh no . do you adapt well to that ?	 i get by . i was going on spring break after graduating college	hey that is great . you should travel . i can help you with that . i am an agent	 that would be great i need to get out of my shell again . where are you from ?	i am from texas . the best place to go is jamaica	 i use to live in texas a place called paris . i would love to go	i have been there . it is pretty nice
whew just got off the stairmaster and am pretty tired	that is good to be active . i love to go running	 i hate working out but at 5 3 and 220 lbs the doctor says i should lose weight	really i have always liked working out . it just clears my head .	 i will curl up with a nice book instead to relax . even read on the stairmaster !	i could not imagine reading and climbing stairs . i am accident prone lol	 lol . need good balance . but i am tired of using tons of makeup to try and appear thinner .	have you tried adjusting your diet ? drinking tons of green tea helps me	 i am trying . have not heard of green tea . do you like it ?	keep it up it is an up hill battle to lose weight . i love it !	 thank you for being so supportive . are you a therapist ?	sure thing ! no i am not i just have my bit of experience .
 hello there . how are you today ?	hi ! i am great . i am nick . how are you ?	 great , thank you . what do you do on your spare time ? i read a lot	i love to ride my scooter in town but not into music really .	 i have been into the game halo lately .	i have a lot of friends that play .	 same here . what do you do for a living ?	i am a hairdresser . i love to dye peoples hair red like mine .	 red hair , how cool ! i work as an editor at a magazine	that is awesome . it sounds like a lot of fun .	 it is . love the color yellow . do you think it will look good as a haircolor ?	maybe yellow highlights over brown base !
 hey there hows it going	i am well how are you tonight	 i am well about to go outside . what are you doing ?	i am scratching my nose	 yeah you just made my nose itch with all that	i can not hear so i do not watch tv i read	 oh what do you read ? fiction non fiction ?	non fiction mostly with a bit of fiction	 i started germs , guns , and steel by jared diamond a couple days ago . graham greene	that sounds like a good one	 i started reading it but felt like he was doing some reaching as far as correlations go	i can not even drive never learned to	 my car just broke down so i will not be driving soon either	i am sorry to hear that
hello there . how are you today ?	i have a hard time trusting people	 well you can trust me	i am wary of trying anything new	 that is no fun . new things are exciting	maybe at times i guess	 i bought an suv and filled it with dogs !	now that sounds like a good time	 we go everywhere and they poop everywhere	ohhh no ! ! ! ! ! ! , i would not want to clean that up	 i have too . but it is worth it	eh , that is why i like being alone at times	 ya . having my space can be good	yep , time to clear my head get thoughts in order	 thoughts always need reorganizing here	if i could remember mine i would be good
 hello how are you tonight ?	doing good , was at a tailgate party had a blast	 oh cool i just got home from the gym	i also love to hunt during duck season , good times	 i do not really hunt too dangerous	it can be no doubt	 do you like the color pink ?	not really i guess if you are a girl lol	 i am . are you married ? i got wed 2 years ago	no my girlfriend decided she would elope with my good friend	 oh that is no good people are so cruel sometimes	yeah i do not think i am over it even yet	 i do not blame you the last time i lost someone was a parent	oh sad . i was not able to go to college because i had to run the farm
 what sort of music do you like ?	i like jazz mostly and i lie watching alot of tv	 jazz is nice , i like all music except country .	so whats your favorite food ? mine are cheeseburgers	 i am a big fan of international food . i want to travel the world .	nice ! i live by myself so i want to just travel and see the work	 i just want to avoid areas of the world that are hot . i like cold weather .	i want to go somewhere where i can do some fishing	 that is nice , i like fishing with my friends and family .	i am a mechanic and am trying to save money to go to panama	 panama is too hot for my tastes but that does sound fun !	my friend went there and he loved it , so that enticed me to go
 i take silence over music any day . what color is your hair ?	red . yours ? wanna go to subway for lunch ? it is my favorite	 brown hair . no subway . too many carbs . i love scooter riding . you ride ?	yeah i do . i ride to starbucks and hang there . then antique stores	 wow . names nick . nice to meet you . you have any friends ?	yeah . we all hang at starbucks . how about you ?	 you work at starbucks ? my and i hate music . you sing ?	nah . just love hanging out . and i do sing to my cats .	 i see . does your cat sing back ?	he meows some times but no . you have any pets ?	 no . i have a little brother . same thing . you cook ?	like the lil b cooking dance ? all the time . swag	 oh okay . your friends do this too ?	yeah . we all cook together at starbucks and the antique store	 oh okay . you ever work the latte section ?	no . i do not work there . you do no listen .
 hey there , tell me about yourself	hello , how are you tonight ?	 i am tired , i am studying philosophy at mass . . lots of homework	that seems tough . i am a scientist , so know the struggle of long days	 you think you know the struggle ? are you even vegan ? i am actually vegan	no , i am not . i am pretty well built though	 really ? what color are your eyes ? mine are brown	brown eyes . . just like the beatles song . i love them	 wow , you know what i love ? going to concerts . .	too bad the beatles are not around anymore . we could go together .	 i am pretty wild , i do not know if you could hang	oh i can hang . you have not met me yet	 look i am a proper badass , like angel tattoo on my hip and everything .	whoa . . angel tattoo . . okay , i probably cant hang
 eating healthy is really important so i eat a lot of grass	that is one of the many things i am passionate about	 i am so glad to hear that , people do not realize food is killing them	well , i do have an old soul .	 i do too , i sleep as much as an elderly person !	i have chronic back pain so being vertical helps me	 i am sorry to hear that . how long have you been in pain ?	ever since i can remember . i get worked up about things	 me too . maybe that is why i cannot find anyone to marry me ?	i understand that . i want my voice to be heard	 you could hear it really loud in the grand canyon . maybe go there ?	i am very passionate about traveling . maybe i will go there	 it is so pretty in the fall and winter , my favorite time to go	lets go on a trip together there	 i would like that very much . we could sleep in and then hear your voice	and you would be able to help me with my chronic back pain
hi there hows it going	hi . . how are you . . how was your weekend ? ?	 i was ok . had to clean a lot so that was not fun . you ?	went for a dance practice . .	 what kind of dance ?	folk and western most of the times . . some times robotic	 wow that is quite a combo . i have 2 kids that like to robot	i have been doing it since i was 13	 that is cool . describe yourself . i have dark and curly hair	i am a thin short guy . .	 cool so is my husband he is a pastor . what do you like to d	i read a lot . . lot of books	 what is your favorite	catch 22 by joseph heller . . its a great one
 i grew up on a farm in virginia now i live in pennsylvania in the suburbs	that sounds really nice ! i have a home in the mountains , but i live in the city .	 it is , i struggle with winter do to fibromyalgia . winter makes it worse	that is painful . one of my clients suffers from it .	 it is rough , but i do stay in and read , and doing bead work	good ! i am not in much . my three dogs are always ready to get out and play .	 i also make my own patterns when i bead	that sounds interesting . are you able to work ? i am an attorney .	 i am not able to work for long hours	i understand . is driving a challenge for you too ? i know my suv is difficult to maneuver .	 some days it can be depending on the pain i feel	i know it is painful , but try to remain positive .	 thanks for the words of encouragement .	anytime . it is a proven fact that a positive attitude can help one feel better .	 that is true i am mostly positive just wish the pain can go away	pain can be awful and just make people miserable . i feel for you .
hello how are you this morning ?	i am doing well . trying to study for school but i am not good at it .	 keep trying . what did you mom do for a living ? mine was a teacher . education is important .	my mom worked at a cabinet shop . i can not focus on the school work well	 what do you do for work ? i am the owner of a cleaning company .	i am a full time student and i hang out with lots of friends all the time	 sounds like fun . i am married . do you have a favorite writer ?	i love to read . reading is one of my favorite	 do you have a favorite writer ?	i like walt whitman . and i like the house of night novels	 my favorite is nicholas sparks . i like your too .	i like that author as well
 hello how are you today ?	i am doing well . do you have any hobbies ?	 just being the best baker of all time .	that sounds great , what did you bake last ?	 a cookie that looked like a tree	cool , i am not much of a cook of any kind . i like the outdoors	 i grew up an army brat	where did you get to live ?	 everywhere and nowhere at the same time	that sounds depressing , where do you live now	 cali , it is the best	do you do any surfing	 i would like to learn	do you hike at all ?	 i love it i always hike places	nice , i am hoping to climb mount everest in the next few years
 hi how are you today ?	i am great . how about you ?	 also well . its chilly here	is it ? i have not been outside yet , i am at work at the hospital .	 yeah that darn irma ruining things	oh i saw the news at the small community college i go to . terrible .	 what are you studying there ?	nursing so i can stay at the hospital i work at now .	 very cool . do you know other languages ?	no . do you know any ?	 i can speak italian fluently . pizza . digornios .	haha , well pasta is the food i love so i guess i speak italian too	 do you have any pets ?	no , i am only 20 , not really ready for more responsibilities . you ?	 i have a cat . its so low key	that is cool . i am actually reading a fiction book about a possessed cat lol
 hi , how are you today	i am fine , how about you ?	 i am well , just finished cooking . you ?	reading a book called middlesex , its my favorite right now	 interesting , what is it about ?	about a couple in their middle age and are working	 what do you do for a living	i work in an italian restaurant , i love that food	 nice . i have been cooking since i was three . i would love to own a restaurant	you should go for it . i play racquetball and go to the gym alot	 that is what i need , a gym membership	people tell me i am a gym rat . forensic files and jeopardy are my favorite	 nothing wrong with being healthy . i like criminal minds	yeah that is a good show too . i am passionate about music
 i am pam and i enjoy wearing dark color clothes	hi , pam . i thinking of white clothes lately . i am engaged	 wow , congrats . i have two part time jobs as a cashier	i babysit for a living , but my parents bought me a sweet mercedes	 i do like a lot of none gmo types of food	i do not worry about health foods . i love sweets too much	 haha same here . i also like red hot chili peppers	the food or the band ?	 band . lol i know it can be confusing	i have an older sister and a younger sister , we listen to all kinds of music	 i have no siblings and i live in apartment	do you have other family ?	 no , not near me my family is in vermont i am here in virgina .	i guess that is hard for you . do you try and stay in touch ?	 yeah well there is always facetime lol	we are lucky to live in an age of technology
 hello , how are you tonight ?	i am doing well . how about you ?	 good , just spending time with my 2 and 6 year old .	i love toddlers . what are their names ?	 james and wyatt . do you have kids ?	i have one kid . her name is ophelia .	 i love that name ! tell me about yourself .	i adore bacon and i am very smart .	 those are both good qualities . i am from a place called sterling heights	i do not know where that is but it sounds nice .	 it is in michigan , we own an auto repair shop here . what do you do ?	i am a freelance artist .	 oh that sounds interesting . what kind of art ?	i like to do sculptures . do you ?	 i do , one trip to maui we saw a man creating a sculpture on the beach	wow ! do you like the beach ?
 hello ! what do you do for fun ?	i go for walk and love to bake too	 that is great ! i collect computer parts to build my own machines and also bug collecting	wonderful ! where are you from ?	 i am from canada , how about you ?	my birth place is mexico .	 what do you do for work ?	i was a chef , now i am a teacher . what about you ?	 i thought about the military when i was young , ended up running for office politics in 2004	that is great . do you have any pets ?	 no pets . oh i forgot to mention the past 6 years i have been a mechanic	really . i got 2 cats whom i love .	 what are your cats names i have always wanted one	one is bamboo and the other is named nyla .	 they sound cute ! what breed ?	they both are ragdoll . you should get one too .
 hi how are you doing this morning ?	very well my name is carla and i am holding one of my three dogs	 dogs are awesome ! i am just getting home from work	i am waiting on my personal trainer to arrive we are going to ride bikes	 sounds like fun , that is actually what i ll be going to college for	i am not going to church this morning i am working out	 yes i see that , i am making some vegan pancakes for breakfast	i will be tutoring math this afternoon i have three kids coming over for about an hour .	 what age groups do you tutor ?	pancakes are one of my very favorites i am not vegan .	 vegan is actually very good tasting and healthy	i tutor ages 10 14 this is just basic math	 sounds good , well if you ever have car troubles my dad can help	wonderful i need all the help i can get
 did you watch the voice today ? it was so good !	i did not , i like to watch it because the performers are so confident and pretty .	 right ? what were you doing then ?	i was eating . it is my hobby but has made me overweight .	 i love to eat ! i travel overseas at least once a year to try new cuisine .	where is your favorite place to travel ?	 anywhere that has good food and museums .	i agree about the good food . i want someone to desire me like i do food	 it will happen ! you will meet the right person someday .	thank you . do you have a family ?	 not yet , i just graduated princeton so that ate up a lot of my time .	well , congrats on graduation ! i bet you felt pretty on your graduation day . i want that	 i did ! thank you so much	where will you travel to next ?	 hopefully to canada , i hear they have good museums .	i bet they do . i have never been but would probably enjoy their food
hey there , how are you doing ?	oh i am gucci mane how are you doing tonight ?	 i am doing pretty well , just took a short break from my new copy of the hobbit .	sick sick i am reading the hobbit now	 do you enjoy fantasy novels ? my mom works at the library so i read a lot	yea i read them all myself !	 nice . what do you do for fun ?	well i run a lot and take care of my dogs you	 i hang out with my mom and help her put away the books	that is sick i go running a lot	 where do you like to run ?	the park and places my dogs can go you ?	 well i do not run very often . i spend more time reading	everybody has there thing right ?	 yes , everyone has their thing .	nailed me on that one , i care a lot about this chat .
 hi there , how are you ?	fine and how can i help you ?	 just bored and thought i would try to make a friend . do you like comedies ? i do .	yes i liked it very much especially to draw away my hunger .	 what are you hungry for ? i am a partner in a law office . you ?	sorry i meant anger when i need something and cannot get it .	 i understand that . i workout when that happens . it helps keep my muscles toned .	but am a lazy ram shackle who likes sitting a lot .	 i have no hair and beard but i could be lazy too .	do you trim and shave all of them every time they grow or its natural ?	 head is naturally bald , but i do trim my beard weekly .	i love keeping my hair long and average beards not too much of them on me .	 nice . in my profession i have to look good and dress to impress .	i see , am a business person and self employed managing other workers .
 hello , how are you this fine day ?	i am wonderful ! and you ? i am jane by the way , and you are ?	 i am sasha and it is nice to meet you , jane !	i am an accountant . got my 1st job 3 months ago . you ?	 i am an artist . my current favorite shade is the whole spectrum of blue !	i love blue . i notice the different shades in the sky when i go hiking .	 i live near the ocean , so my hiking is long treks in the sand !	sounds divine . my mother is an artist . fashion . has her own brand .	 cool ! my mother is a writer . she also cooks the best food at home !	love my moms work , but bob ross landscapes are my fav .	 i tend to watch game of thrones instead of useful shows like bob ross .	i used to before i started accounting school . made me feel more stressed .
 where is your favorite place to visit ? i love beaches .	i have a couple of kids so it is hard to travel . where do you work ?	 that does not mean you do not have a favorite place to visit .	i hail from a small michigan town , i like to visit detroit	 i have never been to detroit . also , i am a veterinarian .	cool what is your fav movie ? i love titanic	 titanic is a great movie . i can never pick favorites . too difficult .	are you married ? my husband is in car repair .	 i am engaged . my fiance is in management . i am a trophy husband .	nice ! management huh . she did an mba ?	 no masters yet but soon . what is your favorite fruit ? i like strawberries .	raspberries and things . do you like to party ?	 who does not like to party ? i feel like partying right now .	if only i did not have these kids i could go party	 kids are usually the result of partying lol .	yeah that is good to laugh about
 i love lobster , have you tried some ?	yes , but personally i think it is pretty rubbery	 that is the seafood that i really like .	i like to sing , do you ?	 nope , i work as an engineer for software	your job seems better than my silly coffee house job .	 google is the company that i go to . how about you ?	i am a student at michigan state	 are you nearby seattle ? i reside there	not really , my home town is quite far away .	 oh , michigan . that is awesome	have you ever seen a broadway show ?	 what major are you taking ?	biology , i am a scientist	 i haven t been to broadway . have you ?	no i have not , but i like to sing tunes from broadway shows
 hi ! i hope you are somewhere safe during the storms and wildfires !	i sure am ! my high school is doing a blood drive this week , to help out	 my daughter is volunteering as well at a shelter for fire victims	very cool . i hope everyone is safe .	 me too ! what year are you in high school ?	i am a junior , i do not get very good grades .	 oh , that is too bad . i am sorry .	its okay . i only sleep in class anyway	 well , that would explain the less than stellar grades . are you worried ?	no . my parents are very rich .	 so they will provide for you after you graduate ?	of course ! they hired bruno mars for my birthday party .
 good morning , how are you ?	oh i am sorry i guess i meant and how are you ?	 i am okay . just finished dying my hair purple .	sounds nice i have done that too but not so much anymore since i am back in school .	 my dad is the dean of my school , so i do not care , lol .	did i tell you i drove across state on back roads to go to outlet mall ?	 that sounds fun ! i had to drive 100 miles to track down the tale of genii	i have was kinda trapped this past weekend bad storms .	 oh no , that is horrible . the people i pet sit for were in florida this weekend .	i am too was kinda scary and boring not being able to drive anywhere .	 at least you are safe , that is all that matters .	yes we have been to this rodeo before . you are into japanese lit . .
 good evening . how are you ?	doing great how are you ?	 doing well . washed my hair . it took forever because it is long .	how much school have you completed ?	 finished high school . want to go to college but i have to take care of my mom .	nice , i actually never even went to school , but i know over 300 languages from traveling .	 right on ! my bf lives in italy . he is learning italian .	its a beautiful language , i also travel for work as a businessman	 sweet ! i work for a computer company . when i am not doing that i play video games .	video games are awesome , i like to play on the pc most	 same here . i got to go soon , i have to cook dinner . i detest cooking .	cooking is the worst . i hope you make something great though .	 i am preparing chicken cordon bleu .	that sounds so so so good !
 hi ! how are you ? if you could count cards in a casino , would you ?	hello how are you today ?	 great ! do you work study ?	yes i work from home	 what do you do ?	i work for apple and i just opened my online shop	 congrats ! i want to become a casino manage and put that statics degree to use	thank you . that is great . www . cafepress . com lelesfashionshop1	 good ! i bet i can make more than you by counting cards in blackjack	not saying you could not because working at a casino is good	 well , i know how to count the cards , and i am a dealer on the blackjack table	cool ! i am thinking about investing into a company
 hello ! where are you in the world ?	united states , we have got some great hiking around here . what about you ?	 i am in the us too ! urbanite here .	you got any good burritos around you ? i love burritos	 yes steak burritos are the bomb !	do you like netflix or hulu or anything ?	 i am a netflix junkie ! what about you ?	i love all streaming services , but i really do not get along with my father	 that is awful . i run with my dad every morning at 4am .	i love doing that with my mom	 my mom gets mad because i blast opera in my condo .	you know , that is actually pretty manly . i think i will start doing that	 well , i am not as manly as a canadian . never been up there .	that is true i am all about being manly though . i love being a guy
 hi i love pizza pizza pizza	i prefer sushi . it s expensive but i believe if you want something you get it	 sushi is also my favorite food	my mom came back from a wedding she worked at and brought some home !	 i love cooking every day	i don t . too much work . i d rather have someone cook for me	 sure , what is your favorite color ?	dusky blue . mom does makeup for pay and she showed me an awesome eyeshadow	 i wish she would show me some mak up	i m sure she would . if you paid her .	 i have an extra ten somewhere around here	haha ! i m getting ready to watch tmz , gotta keep up with celeb gossip	 that sounds like fun . . . not	it is fun . talking about how fat they are or stupid they act .	 do you have any pets .	i want a dog but they re too much trouble with having to feed them
hi ! how are you ? tell me an interesting fact about you	i live on a small island near pygmies . they have the best food !	 oh wow ! what is that food ? you have not tried my gourmet cooking !	can you cook toes in butter . that is my favorite . what seasonings would you add ?	 delicious gourmet pig toes ! my recipe is published in new yorker magazine !	pig toes , i have not tried that ! maybe some day . . . hey , do you have animals ?	 no pets . i do have a trophy from winning a spelling bee as a child .	cute ! i have a huge fish hung up . my dog bob and i go fish for fun .	 do you have any phobias ?	of course . living near pygmies , i sleep with one eye open ! how about you ?	 wide open spaces terrify me ! i wo not be as scared by the pygmies	unless you want to be lunch , you should be ! what do you like to do ?
 hi there , hows it going ?	pretty good and you ? which state are you from ?	 i am great thanks , i live in va . i just love going for walks outdoors	me too . do you have any pets ?	 i have a snake ! do you have any ?	i hve a small cat . my apartment is small .	 our animals would not mix ! lol . i am the janitor at the local school , you ?	the me too was for the walks . i live in new york , i am art student .	 i sort of figured that , i also think i am too smart for my current job	sometimes there is no choice in jobs . i love to paint and draw .	 oh yeah , what do you like to paint draw ?	i love to sketch roses , they are my favorite flower .	 roses are pretty ! i just love drinking whiskey in my free time	i like a shot every once in a while too . i just turned 21 .	 best to party while your still young ! when you get older you feel consequences	only as old as you let yourself become , right ?
 hi ! just got home from my job at the grocery store .	hi i just got finished listening to an extraordinary band marduk	 sounds fun ! what other music do you like ?	i like latino music and pop	 i like to have music playing in the background when i read .	that sounds like fun . i also like to walk on glaciers in my spare time	 so you like the outdoors . i like to tie my brown hair up and hike .	yes i like the outdoors i live in sweden now	 i hear the people are super nice and make great cupcakes , which i love .	i love cupcakes they are my favorit dessert however , my favorite food is lutefisk	 i must admit i have never tried that , but i have heard of it .	it is great and easy but , i always lose the recipe and my mind
 hello , how are you doing ?	i am great , how are you ?	 doing good , just made a pizza for lunch , yum ! any plans today ?	i am hoping to go for a hike after work and take some pictures	 oh sounds like fun , i love taking my doberman for walks .	i do not have any pets , but i do love to take pictures .	 oh okay , are you a photographer ? i am a mechanic and i mainly work with trucks .	i am not a professional , but it is a big hobby of mine .	 that is cool . i took some photography classes in high school .	i did not like high school very much , had to get up way too early	 i agree lol i am not a morning person .	i am not either . i am miserable in the morning .
 hey hows it going ? hope alls good	oh yes , all is good . how about you ?	 i am good too . though i am moving out of state	oh really ? moving is a lot of work ! do you have pets ?	 yea two dogs . border collies	nice , i really enjoy dogs ! mine keeps a single girl company and safe !	 that is great . i would love to meet them	what kind of work do you do ? i am a pediatric office nurse .	 i paint and do art	your creative then . can you paint flowers ? i love a lily !	 for sure . i do portraits too	oops , you are . that is awesome ! do you like to read ? i do .	 yea in french and english	wow ! you are talented , for sure !	 thank you . i try my best	well , i better get rest . mondays are always busy at the doctors office ! good night
 hi how are you today	hello how are you ? i am well	 i am good do you work	i do not currently . though my job i dream of is being a baseball announcer	 work on a cool echo voice then	that is my current goal . my fiancee gets so annoyed . are you married ?	 why does she get annoyed ? she should help	that is what i tell him .	 true do you like food	i do like food , though to live .	 oh so nothing fancy then	no nothing fancy . i eat to live .	 i see do you like music	i do my favorite band avenged sevenfold
 hey , what are you up to tonight ?	just working on my dance moves	 sweet . i love dancing when i go for drinks with friends .	my parents dies in an accident	 that is sad . my best friend is my mom . i could not image loosing her .	mine was my best friend	 do you have any siblings or pets to keep you company ? i like cats .	no i do not i just rehearse for my show	 a dance show ? what kind of dance ?	ballet and it is also great for the body	 if you need a distraction , i go to book club . we meet weekly .	what kind of book club do you go to	 we read different books each week . i could text you the details love my phone !	i love my phone too and hamburgers
hello how are you today ?	how are you doing today	 i am good , just outside picking rocks up	i am good today	 that is very good . do you like beans ?	yea its pretty nice out today	 i am just staring at my paintings today	no i do not like beans	 man i smell like them , you should come smell me	um no thank you that is weird	 not as weird as my dragon ball z collection	wow ok then yeah that is weird	 do you collect anything for personal use ?	no i do not collect anything	 it is tons of fun i recommend doing it	no i am ok with not doing it
hello how are you doing this afternoon	i am in colorado so i am great !	 that is nice what do you do for living	well i have an mba but i do not need it anymore . what do you do ?	 i work as software developer	what kind of software do you work on ?	 i am senior android developer	that sounds like a very exciting job ! what do you do for fun	 i have ten cats and i take care of them	that is a lot of cats . i bet you own your own home too huh ?	 yes i do own my home	how do you have time for so many cats ?	 cats do not require much attention	i am more of a dog person myself but i do not have any pets	 cats usually sleep most of the day	do they jump on your keyboard often ?
 hello ! how are you tonight ?	i am doing very well , thank you . playing the violin . how are you ?	 i am good ! i am pregnant !	how exciting ! my oldest sister has three .	 that is awesome ! this is my first child !	do you know what you are having ? i only have a dog	 not yet ! the only pet i have is a horse . her name is beauty .	that is cute , what kind of horse is she ?	 she is a clydesdale ! we live out in the country so she has plenty of room !	you are very lucky , we live in the city .	 that has its perks though ! are you married ?	i am not , i am only 18 .	 oh okay ! i have a husband . he is in the army so he is away a lot	my boyfriend is a cop , so i understand	 yeah , that must be nerve wracking while he is at work	it is , i stay busy with music and school .
well , the weekend is almost over already . dang , that was fast .	yeah really fast for a student like me	 i am not a student but have 3 students .	oh cool , do you like pizza like me ?	 yes , i like most all foods . did you have pizza for supper ?	do you like color red too ?	 yes , but my favorite color is green .	make me one of your students so i can learn better	 you will do fine . study hard and never give up .	plus i am alone , only son , alone	 never feel less than anyone . never !	but how ? if i feel like it	 life has great things ahead , i promise .	really pretty , thank you teacher	 ahhh , you made my night .	are you about to go to bed though
how are you doing today ?	i am great , i do not sleep much though .	 i understand that . sometimes i have problems if my dog is not near me	that is absolutely great just fantastic	 it is . he is my best friend	i have a best friend	 what is your best friend like ?	we love eating steak together	 yummy . what do you look like ?	like a very smart person haha	 haha i believe it . i have curly black hair	i have a best friend	 so you already told me !	i have no family , that is why	 i do not see my mom . she went crazy a long time ago	do you keep in touch with any family ?
hi . i like to watch clouds .	hello , is that mean you likes the out doors	 yes ! and shopping at cosco . you ?	that nice , i like shopping at the mall	 cool . i flirt by staring at people .	ok , i spend a lots of time sewing	 that is cool . i hate my dead end job .	sorry to here that , hope you fine another one	 thanks . i sell snakeskin oil . it is a weird job .	gee that do sound weird , i do care giver work	 oh that is really nice .	yes , i think so but it take a lots of patient	 you must be dead tired alot	well you are so right , but i enjoy doing it
 hey i am pretty down today	oh no whats going on ?	 i need a little help in the kitchen all the time , lol	i am afraid i am not much help there too short to reach the shelves !	 me too lol ! i am a little weird too especially with vegetables ha !	funny enough i can always tell when someone has had asparagus .	 this is really weird lol me too	maybe we are twins . are you short too ?	 yes i am ! i am going to have me a steak today !	let me guess , you like it medium rare ?	 yes i do , an i like 5 different coffees	its like speaking into a mirror
hi there , how are you ?	hello ! i am doing well . how are you ?	i am doing okay ; i just got home from work actually	that is exciting . where do you work at ?	 i do office work , it is not too exciting	i see i see . office work can be very boring .	 yeah , it is . i am pretty into knitting though	what all can you knit ?	 hats , scarves , gloves , whatever seems fun	that sounds fun . i want to learn how to make boots .	 i would rather go shopping for boots . i love shopping	shopping is fun . do you like going to malls to shop ?
hello how are you	i am well . busy day at school . how are you ?	 i am well . working on my channel on youtube .	nice , what do you post ?	 blogs about lets play . my father is in the advertising . i was hooked early .	ll my parents are both doctors which influenced me .	 interesting how that happens . i like youtube do you	i enjoy watching some videos .	 do you love you tube ? i o	i mean , its not the be all , end all , but its a good diversion .	 or distraction . . . . . its crazy how its caught on	yeah , it certainly has grown . i prefer live theater .
 hi how are you today ?	i am doing great how about yu ?	 i am alright . do you work ?	i actually do not . i only leave my house to go to the movies .	 whats your favorite movie ? slackers ?	i like horror movies !	 what else do you enjoy in life ?	i really like to read . i love books	 what kind of books eh ?	any type of series . hate to read just one and its over	 i do not read much i am a cheerleader	that sounds a little too stereotypical	 but my hair is black so that is different	ah i guess so . what else do you do ?	 i live at a ranch . you ?	in the city , there are alot of restaurants
 hi , i see you are a fellow night owl	i am good at the drums , that is why i can stay up so late .	 i am single and eat chinese food and watch my shows on my der at night .	i hear you stole that der from the neighbor .	 nope , do not talk to my neighbors not many friends . except the robots i make	i have to check my blood sugar everyday or my bank account will go empty .	 ok , that is odd .	it is a long story , involving a bandit and a turtle . . .	 well nice to meet you .	i hate to workout , but i have to for my health .	 do not we all .	i will ride the bicycle and pay you a visit .
 hello , how are you doing today ?	hello ! how are you today ?	 i am doing well . i am so glad fall is upon us !	i am upset that my car is not working but i am ok .	 oh no ! that is not good . is it in the shop now ?	taking it in after i work out . i exercise every other day .	 wow , that is impressive . i do not like exercising , but i do eat healthy !	what is your favorite dish ? i make cauliflower nachos .	 i am always making something different . i am vegan . cauliflower nachos ? awesome !	my neighbor stops by to watch rugby and loves them !	 sounds delicious ! are you a big rugby fan ?	i love rugby but also love other sports too . do you ?	 i am not very interested in sports .	you mentioned you like fall . what do you like best about it ?	 i love the cool weather and the leaves changing colors .	i enjoying flying kites in the fall .
 good morning , what are you doing today ?	awake early . practiced guitar . what are you up to ?	 i am going to work , i am an animal tech at a vet clinic .	i love animals . but i am not vegan . ha . i work as a welder .	 i love animals , i have three dogs . do you have pets ?	yes one dog . i also play video games . not married . i am gay .	 my husband is an attorney and i have 2 children . bored to death .	those kids should keep things exciting . do not they have activities ?	 yes , but i like my job , and want to do more for me .	what kinda of things are on your bucket list ?	 travel , going all over the world , skydiving . how about you ?	for me its , travel , buying a sports car , getting a masters degree .	 i have a masters , but i am not using it . that is my goal too .	try college teaching . i would love to do that . meet lots of people .	 i would love that . my degree is in criminal justice .	oh . police work is exciting . or even police department administrative work .
 hi friend , have you been watching any good anime lately ?	no i just graduated college , to busy working .	 i am currently saving money to finish my courses in japanese . what do you do now ?	i currently work at a local highschool coaching basketball .	 that must be a lot of fun . have you ever traveled ? i am hoping to go to japan	i have in past , but my gf has baby on way .	 they say once you have a baby you start watching tv with subtitles to not wake them .	lol true i am nervous gonna propose tonight	 well you have my support ! i personally hate subtitles , which is why i am learning japanese .	that is good i love subtitles	 ahahah but that is enough about me . how are you going to propose ?	i am going to propose at her college graduation .	 awesome ! remember how lucky you are to be in love and not watching anime by yourself .	i agree lol , tell me more about you .
hello . hows your morning going so far ?	hi its going well how is yours going ?	 its going . what are you up to ?	eating and going to the stables	 the stables , eh ? do you own any horses ?	i love them i want to have my own race horse and a stable on day	 do you help train horses at the stables ?	yeah i would like to teach people how to race horses	 lucky . at least you are doing what you love . ca not complain about that .	yeah that is very true . what do you do for a living	 i dabble in art , actually . i help with various art projects and exhibits .	that sounds fun are you in a relationship
 hello , how are you today ?	hey there how is it going ?	 hi . pretty good , i just came in from surfing .	nice i enjoy cooking all the time	 i like to cook , not red meat though . i hate it .	awesome do you have any kids	 no , i do not . they would prevent me from watching sunsets out in the ocean .	cool cool , i have one daughter	 i do not . not sure if i ever will .	why not ? kids are pretty cool , how old are you	 i am 28 . i do not feel the need to reproduce , the planet is already strained .	i understand that but that over populations stuff is over rated	 no , it is not . i have studied extensively on this subject .	really how is it over populated ?
hi ! how are you ? 3	i am fine , but a bit tired at the moment . how are you ?	 aw ! rough night ? i am fine , hanging with the cat !	nice ! i work all week in an office downtown . but tomorrow after work my life begins !	 my house is my office , but downtown is cool ! do you have weekend plans ?	yes ! it is archery all weekend . a friend took my to class i was good !	 wow ! my favorite comic is about a female archer . an arch ette ! do you compete ?	i want to improve so i can possibly compete , but i am not there yet . and you ?	 i believe in you ! i do not do sports , haha . my hobby is my cat !	what is the name of your cat ? when i was younger i had one	 my cat is thea , she is a tuxedo cat ! what was your cats name ?	poochie ! it was rescued from a plastic garbage bag along a road .	 wow ! was it friendly ?	very tiny , weak . my daughter babied her . i have not seen a tuxedo cat .
hello , i am apart of the military .	hi , thank you for your service ! what do you like to do in your spare time ?	 well i hang out with my son , he is a high school wrestler just like i was .	cool . i love to play chess . i pretty much win every time i play .	 that is cool . my favorite color is the color on my navy uniform , blue !	i like blue too . i also enjoy walking . especially on days i am not busy .	 that is nice . tell me more about yourself .	well i just seen the solar eclipse again . last time i was 8 when i seen it .	 that is cool . well , formation is soon . anything else ?	is your internet fast ? mine is high speed . i hate slow connections .	 mine is military grade , so its not that good lol	that stinks . what else do you do in your spare time ?	 not much . my husband is actually in the army so that was not a lie lol	where are you from ? i live in ohio .	 we are stationed in texas .	how is the weather ? it has been raining here all day !
 hey there what is your weekend plans ?	hello , do you have any pets ? i have a dog and i plan to work as usual	 i do i have 3 , all dogs .	awesome , would you mind telling me their genders ?	 why not ? 2 girls 1 boy . like the lake ?	i love the lake , but i prefer the pool , i love swimming	 when i am not in the bank i go to it so peaceful	do you work in a bank or are you talking about a riverbank ?	 no i am a accountant an yep that is the 1 blue fence ?	are you an artist , i love painting as well	 yea that fence is my favorite color	what is your favorite color ?	 blue is , the color of that fence . you should paint it over .	i probably will , just for you and i will do it with no cost at all
 today i am 10 years of age , you ?	oh , happy birthday ! i am 37 .	 harry potter is awesome ! ! , i really like the books	he sure is ! where do you live ?	 near abigail , she is my best friend ever ! ! !	ah , that is cute . do you live in the town or countryside ?	 in the town where tomorrow is the first safety patrol day ! !	oh , sounds exciting . i lived on a farm when i was your age .	 tean years old is a great age , agree ?	oh for sure . climbing trees , riding bikes , not a care in the world !	 harry potter is my book preference human ! comply____	haha , i am a bit old for harry potter but my kids enjoy it ?
 hi how are you doing ?	i am alright how about yourself	 i am good thanks for asking	great do you play sports	 nope i work to much	do you know what skittles is ?	 do you mean the candy ?	no its a lawn game with clubs and stuff	 i have never heard of that	yeah its for older people but i am a professional	 what do you do for a living ?	skittles . i am the iron skittler	 oh i see , never heard of it	you should try its fun	 i will have to look it up	true what do you do in your spare time
 hi , how are you ? tell me something about yourself !	i am a columnist for the new york times . do you work ?	 yes , i have a business that repairs clocks . what kind of food do you like ?	everything ! when you live in manhattan you have your choice of food !	 manhattan sounds great ! i have a timeshare in mexico , but otherwise i do not get out much .	do you have any hobbies ? i like to go to art museums .	 i like to watch tv . my favorite show is friends ! do you have any pets ?	no pets , my husband is allergic to most animals . but my niece has a dog .	 i have a cat named sushi i named him after my favorite food , ha ha .	that is so cute ! do you have a big family or a small one ?	 small . i am an only child , and i do not have kids yet . what about you ?	no kids , but i have 10 nieces and nephews that i adore ! where do you live ?
 hello friend ! do you like surfing ? cause i sure do !	hi . i do not know . i am only 7 . i like spaghetti and meatballs .	 only 7 ! ? how cool ! have you ever been to the circus ?	no my mom is not around much . she plays tennis for money .	 same with my mother . with her teaching , and me traveling with the circus .	that is so cool . have you seen lions ?	 tons of them . they are my favorite animal .	nice ! do you like your job ? i want to be a football player .	 i love it ! there is nothing better than listening to country music with my clown bros	oh . i am scared of clowns . do you like music ? my fave is one direction .	 i am not that scary . i love country music ! keith urban is my man !	i just know of it . he scares me .	 that is what i am like before my morning coffee . . . ll	i can give you lots of coffee to make you happy .	 you are too young to drink coffee ! haha	i know . its for you silly clown .
 hello , nice to meet you ?	is that a question or a statement	 just a greeting , sorry , i think the question mark jumped up there .	haha how are you today	 was doing good , but my auto spell thinks differently .	life is nothing but pain	 sorry , whats wrong , is it work ?	oh just an observation haha	 what kind of work do you do ?	i just take care of the kids	 are you married , have a family ?	yes my husband is a priest	 kids that is rewarding and a big job in itself . i am a carpenter .	jesus was a carpenter too
 hello how are you i am bummed	i am too . what happened ?	 just got a new lap top and i think my battery is no good	that sucks . i hope you can get a good one	 so whats up with you ? need a lap top lol	i need to sell my art to make rent and help my mother	 hey monday i broke my glasses and i have tiger printed duct tape holding them together lol	do you like to travel at all ?	 your an artist ? what kind of art , i do american indian stuff	yes i love to draw . i love to eat too . sometimes too much .	 i do some i live in georgia but go to school in michigan	i love food with lots of spice .	 and to much sometimes , cant do spicy	i want to go to the beach and eat oysters
 hi , how are you doing tonight ? what do you do for a living ?	i am doing fine , thanks . i am a bartender . what do you do ?	 i am a pharmacist , but i am going to retire in november .	how do you feel about retiring ? do you like the job ?	 its okay , but honestly , i am more than ready to relax , enjoy my grandkids and quilting .	yes , more time for doing things you enjoy . i like reading myself .	 excellent . what genres do you enjoy reading ?	anything historical . civil war , depression era .	 that is wonderful . you can learn so much from books .	true . have you ever tried writing poetry ?	 ca not say that i have . i am more into doing things with my hands . how about you ?	i started , quite unexpectedly , when i was in the marines . it helped to cope .
 hi how are you today ?	hi ! i am doing well , how about you ?	 pretty good . do yo work ?	i am retired . now i grow my own garden and cook with the food	 do you have any children ?	no , i do not . do you ?	 i have 2 of them , a boy and a girl	that is nice , do you travel together ? i enjoy traveling	 i do not travel much gotta take care of my grandma	that is nice of you . my grandma taught me how to play a lot of instruments	 i am a pro bowler too	wow ! i have never tried bowling	 its just lots of repetition and form . gotta be persistent	that reminds me of learning how to play music too . whats your favorite genre ?	 i do not really have one . do you ?	mine would be classical music . i enjoy listening to it while gardening too
 hello , what are you doing ?	i am doing great , and you ?	 just working on my action mystery book . almost ready for publishing .	very cool , whats it about ?	 a crime detective that uses the help of paranormal entities to solve cases .	noah ghosts are so cool !	 yes . what do you do for a career ?	eh nothing really i think . you ?	 i am a literature teacher , though my father works for home depot .	do you like to take walks ?	 sometimes . though i rather use spare time and embark on challenging hobbies , like puzzles .	nice . do you have a best friend ?	 yes , we are going to a country music festival soon . i love country .	fancy . mine lives down the road .
 i washed my car today , i love the shiny red finish !	nice ! i finished reading david copperfield and baked a cake .	 it is so hard finding a red purse that matches my car exactly .	i am of . i have to shop in the kids department .	 wow ! red shoes are my thing , can you find them in your size ?	i never tried . i do not wear red that often . i am a redhead .	 i could not imagine not being able to wear my red lipstick !	i have a purple that is awesome , its from urban decay .	 i change my haircolor often , sometimes even purple or red !	i wish i could , but mine is too long . it would cost a fortune .	 i do not think my next car will be red , easier to coordinate with !	mine is going to be black . everything is sexier in black	 oh yes , i agree ! just kind of hot , i live in the desert .	ugh . i hate the american southwest . i prefer the beach .
hi , just got off the treadmill , feeling great . how are you ?	i am tired , i am on nights and my girl left me .	 wow , you probably deserved it . i would not know , i get lots of dates .	i have my two dogs , they are helping me through this .	 what kinds do you have ? my favorite thing about dogs is going for walks .	i have a lab and a springer spaniel .	 i do not really have time for pets . i get asked to lots of parties .	must be nice to be so popular , i work a lot .	 maybe that is why your girlfriend left .	i think it had more to do with the fact that she was stealing from work .	 i steal from work too . got to buy the new fenty foundation .	i prefer to save up for the things i want , like my bmw	 i have lots of people offering me rides in their fancy cars . not impressed .	with the passive aggressiveness you are showing , i beg to differ .
 are you as busy of a person as i am ?	i think so ! i stay busy .	 it is a wonder that i find time with my kids activities .	what is your favorite season . mine is winter .	 i enjoy fall a lot . are you into winter sports or activities ?	i enjoy swimming , but i hate wearing a bathing suit .	 me too . i would rather be warm with a cocktail and good friends .	are you an online shopper ?	 i have at least seven groups i belong to , so online shopping is a must !	i have an addiction . if i cannot order it , i do not need it !	 how is your time spent the most ?	running , watching tv . hanging out with friends .	 oh , cool . seems like all of mine is spent driving in my black surburban !	my parents are both lawyers . yours ?	 my father is an engineer and mother is retired .	oh . where are you from ?
 hi how are you tonight ?	hi ! kind of tired from working 9 to 5 , how about you ?	 i am a musician so i do not work 9 5 took lessons since i was 5	nice , i just enjoy cooking . sometimes i volunteer at the soup kitchen	 that is cool . i wish i could be home more to work on the songs i write	my family used to own a little restaurant so i am used to it	 what cuisine was the restaurant ?	french cuisine ! so when i retire i want to open a french bakery	 sounds fun . i love sweets and breads .	yeah they are delicious . i always stop by a bakery after work	 i love hot croissants and almond croissants .	i would definitely have those at my bakery ! could even play your music there
hello ! how are you today ?	i am very well , thank you . how old are you ?	 i am very young middle aged . what colour is your hair ?	i am 21 , and i am training to be an artist in school . it is black .	 do you play sports at school ?	no . i prefer gardening . rose is my favorite flower .	 do you have any dogs ?	just a small pet cat . you have cats ?	 no cats , only two dogs . what is your cats name ?	donald . he is so cute !	 how old is your cat ?	he is just under a year old . how big are your dogs ?	 one is a big labrador . the other is a little yorkshire terrier !	neat . i am sure they are so much fun !	 yes i like to run so we go on lots of runs together .	my cat just sits at home , but i love him to bits .
 hi . how are you today ?	i am good and you	 i am good . just got done reading my bible .	do you read it often ?	 every day . now i am about to watch a rerun of jeopardy .	nice do you work out	 some . i have been in london , just got back last week .	what were you doing there	 just visiting an friend that used to live in the states .	that is nice what did you guys do there ?	 we spent time just exploring and eating .	i am very jealous of that	 are you religious ? i am .	i am not really no	 oh . are you in a relationship ?	i am not currently no
what is up stranger ? what are you doing ?	i am thinking of getting another piercing .	 you should , i have many . i am a punk rocker .	this would be number 11 . will you be my friend ?	 do you want a friend with crazy purple hair ? cause that is me .	that would be awesome . i love having lots of friends .	 me too , and pets . do you have pets ?	no pets . i drive so much hours and hours .	 i have amphibians . do you have an xbox ?	i do not . i smoked so much i ruined it . so i quit .	 my pet turtles , cuff and link hate smoke too .	funny names . i do not like smoke anymore .	 then you should get an xbox , or playstation .	yes , and then my friends and i can play . when i am not driving .	 you are always on the road though . is your car red ?	sometimes i take my friends with me . i can not live without them .
 hello how are you today	i am pretty good , got back from a nice hike . how are you ?	 being that i am in the city i cannot hike much	what do you do for fun in the city	 i am employed at bookstore and mostly spend time with my girlfriend	oh okay . i do not read books often , normally books in french are my go to .	 cool i got a tip to dye my hair from a french book . do you have siblings	i do , but they are in algeria , so i do not see them often unfortunately .	 i also do not see my older brother much	yeah , its sad sometimes . i am in a band , so that helps me not to be lonely .	 what type of music do you play ?	i play jazz piano . its really fun and energizing . do you play anything ?	 no but i enjoy listening	you could always learn . my parents are real big on learning as much as you can	 so true . maybe i will pick up a book on drums at the bookstore	definitely . books are great references for practically everything and anything .
hey , do you know anyone hiring ? i need a job .	how old are you , i am 29 , i work nights	 54 and do not work at all , but i do eat a lot of junk food .	i love to hike and ride my bike to stay fit after all that junk food	 sounds like a plan . do you watch the walking dead ? i love it .	nah , do not like those type of films i am from suburb part of boston	 boston ? they have a wonderful comic book store there .	which one ? what is it call	 i cannot remember , do you know any that start with a j ?	nope , why did you ask ? do you know ?	 i just remember it starts with the letter j and i got a mabel comic book there .	ok , did you still remember which marvel comic ?	 amazing adventures was the last one i bought .	nice , do you read comics today ?
 sunday greetings to you . how are you today ?	are you single or married ?	 married . i love sundays because i get to go to church christian and watch football .	awesome , i love sundays as well . do you have any hobbies ?	 well i like computers , i am an it person so anything technology related . and you ?	i love to garden during this time of year .	 my dad was with microsoft and he gardened for stress relief . what do you grow ?	i love to grow herbs and tomatoes . do you live in a major city ?	 yes , we have great a great music scene here , i love kings of leon .	i like their music as well . music connect us all . any children ?	 two , and they keep me busy every single day . how about you ?	just a two year old . he is a big fan of my cooking . do you cook ?	 yes , with two teenagers who eat all the time i need to cook regularly ! lol .	i will experience that soon enough lol . any pets ?	 two cats , they are my furry friends . do you have any hobbies ?	awesome . i have a cat named felix and a small black terrier named emmy .
 hey ! how are you	good ! just searching for some good vegetarian recipes ! how are you ?	 find anything good ? i am great , practicing a song on the guitar	not really . i am already missing meat ! trying to eat veggies though ! guitar , awesome !	 my father had a heart attack , so he might benefit from going vegetarian	maybe ! its hard though ! i do all the shopping and i love pork !	 haha oh man ! thatll be hard to give up . my gf loves it too !	sounds like my kind of girl ! haha ! i am just lazy . but need those veggies !	 lol yeah , she is a keeper ! you should try cauliflower pizza !	that sounds like a good recipe to try ! have you tried it ! ?	 i have , its pretty good and i am a huge pizza fan	me too ! ink if i can be a vegetarian lol	 lol at least youre trying , thatll be good enough lol	thanks ! so how long you played guitar ?
good afternoon , i am trying to get this money	yeah , me too . but , i love sports more !	 like puppies ? i do i love mine	lol , no more like i like foot ball over baseball . not pets	 i am in college for childhood	awesome . what is your favorite food ? i like pizza .	 i like that too me an tiki	my favorite team is the nationals . how about you ?	 i am a teacher already , what do you do ?	inbetween jobs now , i am just enjoying sports right now .	 that is cool , like oldies music ?	yeah i do . not as often as i love eating pizza and watching the washington nationals play !	 that sounds so cool to me	do you have any hobbies ?	 not really just chatting an catching up on money	oh ok . yeah i just enjoy sports myself .
 hey how are you	i am good , playing some video games right now	 sweet	how are you ?	 is that what you like to do	i prefer designing the games but playing them is a good way to gain inspiration !	 i am great , looking at amazon love to shop haha	are you looking for anything in particular ?	 that pretty cool , maybe i will buy one of your games	yeah ! i have been trying to create a startup for a new game	 really what kind of games do you design	mmorpgs mainly
 hello , how are you tonight ?	i am more a country than city	 i live in the city , and i pay way too much in taxes .	oh , is that so ? i both like red and blue either	 yes , it is so . i am an investment banker , i know how much i should really pay .	that is cool . do you own pets	 i do not . they are filthy animals .	i got 2 different dogs , even dogs ?	 even dogs . they are commoners . where did you go to school ?	bulldog and pitbull , and i love them	 where did you go to school ? i went to princeton .	i went just nearby the house	 oh . okay . that is not a very good education then .	wild child i was before	 i spent all of my time studying to get into the best business schools .	wow , do you like what you are doing ?
hero buddy , hows it going today ?	my job takes a lot of hours away from spending time in nature	 oh , but that means you get to be around a lot of people , huh	yes but i prefer to be in nature . whats your hobby ?	 i like to make new friends	i work too many hours to have friends . whats your favorite color ?	 i like all colors , none should be dismissed .	i agree , but my eyes are drawn to the color blue	 blue is such a beautiful color . it reminds me of a blue doll i once had .	do you spend time in nature ? i love hiking	 not so much . i used to hike outside the orphanage , but got terribly lost .	that sounds so frightening i am sorry to hear that . do you drive at all ?
 what are you up to ?	eating a late night supper burrito and salsa i could be sorry . how about you ?	 oh yummy . i am a vegan but i could tear into an animal friendly burrito rn	yeah , taco bell has vegan beans . give me energy for hiking and other outdoor stuff .	 i did not know their beans were vegan . thanks . i love hiking too	you do not live in florida , do you ?	 thankfully not . i am in texas though . north texas so i was safe .	org ! texas was in the news . my mom and i watched the tv coverage	 it was horrible . i have a lot of accountant coworkers down there .	sorry ! my dad move there i was 2 , been the man of the house since .	 great for you for stepping up ! i live with my mom . she has a fashion brand	wow ! you have got it made .	 she makes tons of money .	i am happy for you . use the money wisely , and save for your retirement .	 absolutely . then i can stay home and paint like my hero bob ross !	org i love his youtube lessons . i am a writer myself .
i am currently trying to write a novel	wonderful ! what is it going to be about ?	 medieval times . knights and dragons !	wow ! i am impressed . how do you manage to find the time ?	 lol a minute here , a paragraph there . i will get it done one day !	i have 2 jobs and i go to school so not enough free time here	 wow ! that sound like a full load and then some !	it really is . i have a husband too so i am constantly busy .	 i bet . that sounds like a very full life !	it certainly is . i would rather be writing lol	 lol my companion right now is the show rick morty . i watch while i write	i love that show . its hilarious !	 yes it is ! that is why its my favorite . laughter is a great stress relief	it really is . that and working out really help
hello how are you doing today ?	hello , i am doing great now that i discovered this new indian restaurant .	 do you like to read ? love indian food .	does sheet music for my violin count ? i have been playing since i was 4 .	 yes guess it would . violin seems fun . do you exercise ?	i do ballet and barre . occasionally , i run .	 i used to be a ballet dancer now i am just round .	i am afraid i would get that way if i did not control what i eat .	 that is what happened with me .	there is a weight clause in my contract with the orchestra . i hate it .	 what is there really wow i am shocked .	there is in a lot of industries , they are a dirty little secret .	 i had no idea . wow	my mom is a nurse so she keeps me on target .	 good to be healthy . with extra weight comes body injuries .	it truly does weaken the bones .
 i think i need help . i am addicted to blackjack .	what is your name ? i am sarah . i have a suggestion for you .	 my name is sam , and i have an addiction to high stakes blackjack	you should try reading and relaxing by a lake . i love doing that on the weekends .	 that sounds nice . would my phone work there ? i need to talk to my homies	lol . yes it would . i am a teacher . i take my students there all the time .	 how many students do you have ? i am teaching a spanish class this year	i have 15 students . i am studying spanish . i know some spanish .	 muy bien ! i bet i could go hiking by the lake , i would like that .	yes . it is very relaxing . do you watch golf and tennis on tv ?	 i have not watched those but they sounds interesting	yes . they definitely are . i enjoy them a lot .	 it is good to have hobbies , only bad when becomes addiction like mine	yes . i am so sorry about that . i hope you take my advice .	 i will try , i want to be normal again , instead of driven by this obsession	yes . you will be normal again .
 hi how are you doing	i am good , i got to sleep in this morning so that was nice	 that is always nice what are your hobbies	i love science , so good think my jobs in a lab lol you ?	 i work in a library	that sounds super nice and fun	 its nice do you like to read ?	no , growing up with two brothers in a loud house does not allow that lol	 ah that makes sense . what do you to do on the weekends	find more vegan resterauants . been one since i was five . you ?	 that is cool i like to bird watch since i am inside most of the week	guess you do not see many people . hard to believe in love at first sight if you do not	 yeah i do not really i have friends that bird watch with me	sorry to hear that . maybe if you left your house you might meet some	 i go out after work a lot	what do you do after work ?
 hi ! tell me about yourself ! please tell me all about you .	i like to watch face off on the syfy channel	 was that the movie about the guys in the high security prison ?	no . i also like to cook but do not like to bake . and you ?	 food is your thing . i love cream in my coffee and beastie boys	lol i love to have my kitchen organized	 i also love structure . my dream is to be a curator of a museum .	that would be a very interesting job	 yes , i would be around art . painting is my hobby . how about you ?	i love to run and that keeps me in shape	 you are also in the outdoors which is refreshing . i love country fresh air .	yes i do too nothing like it for sure	 do you travel ? have you ever been to new york ?	no do not travel and never been to new york
reading is fun aand fundamental	what do you do for a living ?	 i am an short fat accountant . a stereotypical figure	what city are you from ?	 new york city city of dreams	how long have you been there ?	 born and raised . i may be short but i am ny tall	do you have any pets ?	 no no cannot afford those . apt too small	how much do you pay a month ?	 oh with all included about 5000	how big is it ? that is alot	 that is aloof but it nothing in ny	how does anyone afford it ?
hey , you like dogs i have three killer dogs .	yeah i love dogs ! they hunt for me . i love to eat red meat !	 cool when i am not working as an accountant , i hunt humans .	hey if you ever need your computer fixed , i bet i could work on it .	 my computer is at the lake , where i read my horror novels i like come visit .	you are going to hurt me . however , redheads have no soul !	 i like the lake i go to where my next kill is a redhead girl .	its a good thing i moved very far from my home and previous stalker .	 where do you live now are you alone ?	like i said , very very very far from my home .	 do you like scary movies ?	no ! i am very jumpy .
 good morning ! just woke up , getting ready for work but i will probably be late . i always am !	good morning to you as well . having a good one ?	 pretty good so far ! what are you up to today ?	nothing much . going to re watch the old movie it before i see the new one .	 . after i get off work from the diner my bf roommate may go see it too !	ah that sounds great . do you also enjoy reading horror novels as well ?	 i do ! i own a business so its hard for me to find time to read though .	i hear you . i get busy myself so i try to read before bed .	 that is a good idea . do you read horror novels before falling asleep ?	no , then i would never get to sleep . i read whitman	 very nice ! the hurricane news is making me nervous .	just finished one in texas . hope florida will be okay	 me too . any ideas for a good cupcake flavor ?	love red velvet and chocolate chip
 hi how has your night been ?	good evening its going well . how are you ?	 i am great . practicing my music a lot trying to join a local band .	oh sweet , which genre ? i like metal dance and alternative rock .	 classic rock . i have nine guitars i hope one brings me luck for this lol	wow nine , amazing ! what else do you do ? me , i crochet sweaters and scarves .	 i bet there pretty ! am very musical been playing piano since i was 6 .	i have been playing poker since i was 6 . guess what i once one .	 what did you win while playing ?	a hearse , i will decorate it like the ecto 1 from ghostbusters for halloween .	 that is incredible ! any fav . foods ? i am vegan myself .	italian its like a guilty pleasure . that and halloween candy .	 halloween is coming soon sounds like your fav . holiday .	it sure is . the costumes just keep getting better year after year .
 hi ! i love cuddling with my dog , do you have a dog ?	yes i have a dog and she is my best friend !	 mine too ! i love dogs !	when i was three my mom went crazy i have not seen her since .	 i am sorry , i am glad my mom can reach the cookie jar for me .	walnut chocolate chip is my favorite !	 that sounds delicious ! my favorite is m m chocolate chip .	what do you do for work ? i am an accountant	 i am a student , and i am usually late to class !	i use to be late to class trying to fix my black curly hair .	 i bet you have beautiful hair . my fav car is a porsche , what is yours ?	i love my paid off honda !	 that is great , i hope to have my debts paid soon .	i hope you get them paid off soon too .	 thank you . i love to lie in the night and look at the stars , do you ?	i live in houston , we cannot see stars with all this pollution .
 hello tell me about yourself	hi there ! i love watching sitcoms on tv . one of my favorites is still friends !	 i love friends , i also like mexican food and animals	oh yes ! i am going to a mexican restaurant for dinner tonight !	 i love mexican for the summer time , fajitas !	i am looking forward to reading executive orders . what is your favorite genre ?	 i really do not have much with my two kids	oh i understand that ! my kids are almost grown .	 how old are they mine is 2 and 5	mine are teens ! do you like fall out boy ?	 my kids might never heard of them	i love them ! i have to listen to their record at least once a day .	 what genre are they considered ?	they are kind of pop rock .	 i think i have heard of them but never listened to them	you should ! they are really good .
 hi there ! do you work ?	no . that is probably the reason my wife ca not stand me anymore .	 sorry to hear that . my grandchildren are everything to me !	that is wonderful to hear ! what do you do for fun ?	 i quilt quite a bit and relax to classical music after work ! you ?	i go to mexico and ski ! but i hate the food down there	 agree ! i spent lots of time in mexico in my youth , i was a wild child !	i bet you were ! what is it that you do for a living ?	 i am a pharmacist ; i finally grew up !	i will never grow up ! my favorite food is still cheetos !	 mine is medium rare steak !	rare steak and cheetos ! yes ! ! sign me up !	 sounds perfect to me ! any children ?	my wife would not let me get close enough to her with my orange cheetos fingers !	 that is funny ! too bad , maybe someday you will !	maybe i will find the perfect one in mexico to mother my children
 hi , how are you today ?	great went surfing earlier and relaxing now	 i just got done watching a horror movie .	well it is the time of year for it , was it good ?	 it was pretty good , not the best .	everyone at my job has been talking about it	 i want to see that one !	not really my thing , i liked the thing that was awesome	 what do you do for a living ?	i am a cook at a small bar , people say i am pretty good at it	 i hope to be a music teacher one day .	i play the piano myself , was taught by private tutor	 oh really ? the violin is my thing .	i like the violin , but then i am a country music	 i enjoy country music too .	i think they call it a fiddle , but the same thing
 hey how are you today	pretty great . just listening to some hard rock . what about you ?	 i am studying for a test i have monday .	oh are you in school ?	 yeah i am a psychology major at a college in colorado	that is a great subject to get into to . what do you do for fun ?	 i go to the goodwill and buy random things and i hike	i should go there and buy a bunch of black items . i love that color	 sometimes i see black clothes there . they always have new stuff there	i need to get a new black purse . i have had mine for ages	 you should see if they have any . what do you like to do	i drive around in my black car and listen to guns roses	 i love guns and roses they have some pretty good songs	they are my favorite . so metal	 yeah they are . i use to go to their concerts in california growing up	i am a bit envious . i never got to see them live
 hello . how are you today ? ? ?	not to good just found out my wife has cancer and nothing they can do	 org . that is terrible . i am so sorry she has to go through this .	thank you we do not know how to tell our sons	 how old are your sons ?	15 , 18 and 20 my 20 year old will take it better than the other two	 yes . it would be harder if they were little children . do you like reading ?	i do i like reading about business and finance	 i do not know much about those . i like reading horror books like stephen king	those are ok books stephen is a very talented author	 ca not wait to see the movie it ! got any hobbies you like to do ?	i have heard great reviews for it . i spend time with my boys and do karate	 i like to do bird watching . i am able to identify about 40 kinds of bird species .	that is interesting have you read a lot of books about it	 yes . my dad got me into bird watching . i have read all his old books on it	that is great you and your dad have that bond
i am happy to be retired from teaching but miss it , how r u ?	good . i work at an office selling real estate . boss is my boyfriend .	 wow , that is sounds cool , do you both work well together	very well . do you have any hobbies ? i am an amateur singer .	 cool would love to hear ya sing , i enjoy riding horses	i love horses . i had one growing up . love to garden too .	 really , my fav flower is a rose . i love being in the kitchen baking	i love daisies . i am not a great cook , but love to eat .	 well come over , i will bake something for ya	cheesecake and tiramisu are delicious .	 yes they are and i can make both , baking deserts are fun	i should learn , but i tend to burn while cooking and baking .	 just pratice something simple like a butter cake and pratice	ok . it is a nice day here . how about by you ?	 well its raining quite a bit	are you up north ? i am in the south .
how are you doing today	i am great , how are you ?	 i am great . i need to exercise .	i do too , working at mcdonalds has added a few pounds	 what is it like to work there	it is just ok . i am only working there to buy my first car	 what kind of car do you want	a honda civic , a real gas saver	 that is a smart way to go	yes i am a college student so i need all my money	 i do not blame you	what do you do for a living ?	 i am an office executive	that is a pretty good job
i just got back from horseback riding with my two boys . do you like horses ?	i do ! i just got done shopping online like i do daily .	 nice ! what are your other hobbies ? i love to camp	i check my reflection a lot in the mirror , not really a hobby though .	 ll . so do you have kids ?	no kids yet maybe in the future . do you ?	 yes i am a full time mother of 2 growing boys .	that is great ! i am sitting on a bench and ppl are starting to look at me . weird	 i love the outdoors . why are they looking at you ?	the outdoors are nice . not sure i am concerned with how i look though .	 i am sure you look fine . your opinion of yourself is all that counts .	that is true . so do you like being a full time mom ?	 i love it . it is one new adventure after another .	how fun it probably keeps you hopping all the time .	 ll . its great cardio . it keeps me young .	ll i can imagine . where are you from .
 why do people make or join gangs of robbers ?	you could look at are fairy tales to answer that	 you mean talks about gangs are fairy tales ?	no . they usually have some moral , which is peoples motivation	 the talks about them give me enthusiasm to join them .	i am poor . seen a lot . i moved passed it , fell in love with nature	 so is it life risking to join them ?	is it life risking to be in a fairytale ?	 i have no family , hate my life that is why i want to end in a gang .	you should try yoga and exercise like hiking . i got an affinity for animals now	 i think the world has been cruel and unfair to me .	well , so does everybody else
 hello ! how is your day ?	good just catching up on some anime , how are you ?	 that sounds fun . i am good , catching up on work .	i think one day i will be an illustrator but my view is a tad strange	 what would you like to illustrate ?	i draw in my journal daily but make my friends into my little pony characters	 lol that is really creative . i just have a boring law degree .	i hope i do not need a lawyer my little pony is copyrighted lol hence my view	 that is true ! i can always advise you !	oh that would be good just hope your not allergic to pet hair	 not at all ! my three dogs can attest to that .	cool i love dogs but i am caring for my moms cat she left me . . sigh	 cats are not the easiest when you have dogs . lol	well like i said my mom passed so i do not have the heart to displace the ca	 i am ready to vacation in colorado !	oh i love it there the mountains and the legal herb for my arthritis	 yes , my suv is perfect for the terrain .	oh my jeep has been to colorado she is slightly lifted so no worries	 i love jeeps ! i want a yellow one	mines astra blue but i did have a yellow seat covers
 hi my friend . what are you doing today ?	i am not up to much today , accept i start safty patrol tomorrow	 i like to be safe , i am in marketing . do you like music ?	i do , but not country !	 do you like isaiah rashad ?	do you have a best friend ? i do . her name is abby	 i would really like to meet her , is she single ? we can play games .	we are only 10 years old	 well then it would be just video games for us . i love them so much . .	video games are very cool !	 yes , but no beer . i despise beer and those kinds of drinks . are you tall ?	no , i am not ! are you ?	 yes , so very tall . i can see over everyone .	well , that is very nice !	 it helps at the isaiah rashad concerts .	who is that ? i do not know
 hi , how are you and where are you from ?	hi , i am from dallas , tc . where are you from ?	 i live in the east with my cat , jasper . do you have pets ?	dogs , dogs , and more dogs . i love them	 ajaja . . i concur . i am a barista , what do you do ?	i work at a free clinic	 oh ok . sounds interesting . i am vegan , do you eat meat ?	yes , but mainly chicken and fish	 mmmm salmon . orange just like my favorite color .	its so delicious when you grill it . . . my favorite color is green	 green is a nice color especially when holding my favorite flower , the rose .	roses are nice . i have some in my garden	 i recently started a garden myself . i find it so relaxing .	yes , its very peaceful plus it gives you something to do
 hey dude , i am ryan . i just woke up , so i am pretty tired right now .	i know how u feel my job is mind numbing snake oil	 that sounds lame . listening to rap music always chills me out .	my favorite music is jacob sartorius	 seriously ? jacob sartorius is lame man . i love kanye west , personally .	i listen to him at costco i love bacon in bulk	 i love costco ! i got some new sneakers there a few weeks ago .	my dog oreo and me cloud watch on our free time	 oreo is a cool name . my dog joe and i like watching tv together in my chair .	i like flirting in large events staring from across the field	 that is random , not sure i can relate on the flirting thing . i love large fields , though	well most women say they are out of my league	 try downloading tinder or something man . no need to hit on random girls .	i cant do tinder i do not want kids yet	 tinder is for hookups not kids . you sure you got the right app in mind ?	hooking up is sex and babies come from sex
 hi ! how are you this dreary day ?	practicing my cursive i am terrible at it . yourself ?	 i am ok . too rainy and cold out . i have great penmanship for a man .	really where are you at sir ?	 i am in wisconsin . my ma raised me here since my pops left .	dang its 80 degrees at my house . i do enjoy cold winters tho	 it s beautiful here ! lots of snow though . i love rollercoasters but too cold for it .	yeah i have been to six flags . have you ?	 i have . two of them . great america and over texas . i have traveled a lot .	i just moved from texas . i want to visit iceland maybe one day . maybe live there	 i would love that . i am obsessed with viking culture .	i think they are badass . did you know cellphones were invented in norway ?	 were they really ? i did not know that . i love to learn .	yeah me too . i take online courses but get distracted .
 good morning how is your day ?	oh you know , working hard to reach my dreams .	 what kind of work poyou do ? i work as a registered nurse	right now i am just a small graphic designer , but working my way up .	 sounds good . do you have any children ?	no but i love kids movies . i would like to work for dreamworks .	 i plan to be a mother next year . maybe can see your movies	haha , it will take longer than a year , but maybe eventually .	 are you having breakfast where you live ?	no its late here . just listening to some classical music , hoping to get inspiration .	 i like classical music too very calming for the soul	probably good for your baby too .
hello can you tell me something about yourself ?	well i am slightly over 3 4 of a century , at 77 , how about you ?	 not quite that old yet . i am 59 yrs young	well i started my second career programming computers at your age . do you work ?	 yes i have my own business making and selling cupcakes . poyou like baked goods ?	mmm . . . i sure do . what is the name of your bakery ? do you deliver ?	 its bobs bakery and we deliver locally . how is the computer business ?	i retired two years ago . just me and my two dogs . bake any doggy biscuits ?	 no but it sounds like a promising idea . what kind of dogs do you have ?	a golden retriever and a black lab . they watch tv with me .	 they seem like nice companions . i just have a room mate who is my best friend	you two ever watch that new british show ? my fav	 no not yet we do not get a lot of channels	well it is on now so i better get going . nice meeting you .
 hi there , how is your evening going ?	good ! just reading some history books . what about you ?	 i was going to read too , but i cannot find my glasses	that is too bad . what do you like to read ?	 i like to read bed time stories to my 8 grandchildren .	that is a lot of kids ! as a teacher , i do that a lot .	 kids keep you active do not they ? i feel in good health for a retiree	definitely . do you feel good enough to dance ? i love dancing .	 i do actually ! i feel alive	that is a great thing to hear . what is your favorite type of food ?	 i love everything to be honest	me too ! but my favorite is mexican .	 i do love a good mexican	well , love is much better than hate . where are you from ?	 i am from the us , you ?	me too ! though i love to read the histories of every country .
 hello , how are you ?	hi , great ! just got back from walking my two dogs .	 that sounds fun , i am guessing your dogs are really energetic	oh you bet . you do anything exciting today ?	 yeah , i went to six flags , lol , yes , i am a big kid	fun ! i recently went there to see bruno mars . love that place .	 oh my god , i cannot believe you seen my husband	we can share right ? i mean i know he digs an accountant , such as myself .	 of course we can share , i meant to say , he is all yours lol	better go fill up my little red sports car to go swing by his place .	 okay , you go girl lol	do you have any favorite sports ?
 hey , how is everything ? yes i am still up . i have to quit drinking caffeine !	i hear you ! the firehouse has free coffee 24 7 and i drink it all day !	 yeah , i guess that , like me , you have an unhealthy diet as well .	my 30th birthday resolution was to diet , but mom still cooks with salt and lard .	 ll i bet that is tough . i recieved a cheap car for my birthday , you ?	my parents gave me a start up business dvd . i want to open a grocery store	 nice perhaps one day i can run over and visit your store .	i would love that ! do you run often ? what do you do for work ?	 yes , being skinny and energetic , i run very fast for long distances . i am an officer	kudos ! as a firefighter , i should run more but school took most of my time .	 where did you go to school ?	colorado technical university for a marketing degree , but my colorblindness makes the field challenging .
 hey ! how is it going tonight ?	its well going on a date with a tall guy	 that is awesome . sadly , my girlfriend left me , she said she needed a break .	i like to dive its cool	 dive sounds great . i read alot , especially since i have no television .	i love technology it moves fast	 technology is okay , i love art , i am an art teacher .	really ? where at ? my dog so tiny my cat sooo fat lol	 at since middle . i fe a large pizza to a cat once , i hate pizza .	what kind of art do you have	 all types . i just love how relaxing it is to look at and to create .	cool draw me something an ship it too me ?
 hello stranger ! tell me a bit about yourself .	well i love to shop , dance , and buy unique shoes . what about you ?	 i studied to be a lawyer , but gave it up to bake . do you like pecan pie ?	oh yes , and pizza and burritos bring on mexican food	 i am so upset with my landlord for raising my rent that i can hardly think !	what was their excuse for raising it ?	 he did not give a reason , but i plan on moving by christmas , which is my birthday !	well happy very early birthday . i would not stress to much then	 thanks ! what do you do for a living ?	i am currently looking for work . background in medical field .	 that is nice . do you have any hobbies ?	music and hiking what about you ?	 i love all kinds of music ! what do you like best ?	country and rock grew up on the stuff
 hello . what are you up to today ?	i have been playing video games and watching football , how about you ?	 i am just hanging out at home right now .	i am a homebody too . i stay at home all day , never even had a job .	 i have not worked out side the home to much either .	i tried to get a job at apple , as my mom works there but no go .	 ok my husband likes to work on computers .	they are fun . i also wanted to be a rock star as i love the music .	 i love to listen to music too .	i have problems at concerts as i forget to eat , which is bad for my diabetes .	 my mom has problems with blood sugar also .	it is really tough . i miss cakes . i have to go soon , anything else to say ?	 not too much . you have a great day .	you too , thank you for the amazing conversation !	 make sure you take care of yourself .	i will try . it will depend on if i can resist the cakes !
i enjoy being a red head , what color is your hair ?	hello , how are you tonight ? i am a blonde .	 i am great thanks . do you have a nickname ?	i do not , i do teach kindergarten and i love it .	 good job that must take patience ?	it does , but i love kids . what do you do ?	 i think i have just found a cure for the common cold	very nice , how did you do that ?	 while singing in the shower i took my findings to the lab	you took your findings to the lab while you were in the shower ?	 the revelation came to me in the shower yes , what is your name ?	oh , okay . that was a little hard to understand . i am mia , and you ?	 i am angela my friends call me bubblegum	that is unusual , how did you end up with that nickname ?	 i just always chew gum even in the shower do you like to walk	i do love to walk , hike also .
 hi , how are you ? i am unwell for i sit on my computer for hours and hours .	hello , i am doing very well thank you . getting ready for work soon .	 here i sit , always watching tv . foreign movies and tv shows .	i play the guitar for an audience of two , my huskies .	 my current lifestyle , obviously , is quite boring .	nothing wrong with that , i like boring . my job is unpredictable .	 i do like to learn of other cultures , however .	i do too , i encounter so many by responding to calls .	 i would like to do other things besides sit here lonely all day .	you should find a friend and get out more .	 i cannot find a friend alone on this couch .	no , you cannot . get off the couch .	 i am attached to it , sadly .	all you have to do is get up .	 i am unfortunately glued . gorilla glued .	that presents an entirely different situation .
i have a huge apartment with two other great guys here in new york .	nice i am megan i like sitcoms and have an old honda	 i like golden girls , especially betty white . do you ? no car yet .	i remember that show from childhood do you like books ? i read thrillers	 i have been a big reader forever . yes , i like detective novels like chandler .	do you ever ride the subway there is some fascinating people to talk to	 yes , i ride it a lot . some interesting one , some very dangerous .	yes very true do you have pets ? i have a dog	 nice . no , i did have a cat for eighteen years , after that , too hard in city .	yea very true i live downtown its hard having a pet	 i do love cats , though , and most dogs . never liked having to walk dogs , though .	do not blame you mine likes to ride in my honda	 well , that sounds like fun . dogs are cute in cars , they love it .	yes they do . whats your favorite sitcom ? mine is the good place	 i do not have a favourite current sitcom . tv is mainly pbs and charlie rose .	oh i typically just watch hulu i am a cord cutter
 hi i am cindy i like chatting and shopping how are you ?	hi i am megan , i love watching baseball and my favorite show the walking dead	 oh that is a good show do you cook ? i am always in the kitchen	it is i love it , and no i rather go hunting	 hunting is fun sometimes do you bring a dog ?	no , just my husband he is good at finding the animals	 makes sense do you kids ? i have daughters	no , i want a son so we can watch the tigers my favorite sports team	 that would be fun . what are you doing tomorrow ?	most likely my hair , because i need to redo my roots blonde again	 oh i am not doing much either probably making a family dinner	that is nice , what do you plan on making ?	 probably spaghetti but i make a variety of food its a passion	i love spaghetti ! do you make yours from scratch ?	 no i just buy the ingredients then add some stuff like onions	oh ok that is good , still taste just as good
 hello ! how are you tonight ?	good , just got done watching pretty woman my favorite movie	 that is cool . i know we are strangers but i enjoy talking anyways .	yes ! being an rn i love people its a god given gift .	 that is awesome ! what do you like to do ?	i love to read books on cooking since becoming a vegan i find it helps me	 can vegan recipes use honey ? i love it !	i do not use it but i have friends that do	 what other likes or dislikes do you have ?	i am interested in electronics a little since having two smartphones i like to tinker	 i am afraid if i ever get to live the beach life mine will break .	yes you have to be careful around water	 definitely . around monkeys too ! they are my favorite at the zoo	haha monkeys are fun to watch for sure	 once one stole my phone and dropped it in water	oh no i am laughing . . . sorry that is not funny
do you play any sports ? i run track	i like to walk but that is about it . i am a busy mother .	 i have kids of my own as well , but i barely have them at all	that is so sad . i have mine full time . i love them .	 i do not have time for that , i just put them off on my grandma	wow . i would not think that way about my four daughters .	 lol , kids are not my main priority , no , not at all	i think they should be if you create them .	 those little things are not my responsibility	if you made them they sure are .	 i guess , but enough about them , do you have any pets ?	we have a dog and a couple of parakeets .	 i just have one snake and two bearded dragons	i like reptiles a lot . they are fun .	 they really are , but i am really thinking of selling my snake	is there a reason for that ?	 yes . it has grown too large and i no longer want it	you seem to be rather fickle .	 yes i am , i can never stay on one thing for too long	that is not the best trait to have .	 explain to me why not ?	because sometimes you should not give up soon on things . it depends on the thing of course .	 yeah , i guess youre right	a lot of people have this problem , though .	 it is not a problem , i think of it as something cool	in what way ? explain that .	 for people who are not like me , they are boring , i do not do boring	lol , i doubt everyone unlike you is boring . i personally do not like flakes .	 i do not believe you are boring , i am just saying i am happy with who i am	that is actually a good thing .
i am so hungry for a donut but no gluten for me .	howdy person i am from texas !	 sometimes i rock climb to take my mind off of donuts . i love texas .	well you know its important that we texans remind yall how big we are	 yep . my dog came from a shelter in texas .	aw man that is cute really	 he has black hair just like me .	i look like my dog as well	 ha ! dogs are awesome .	he is a bitch . a bichon frise	 i have a mini sheltie . do you cook ?	i just made some ramen . threw a couple of pieces of beef jerky	 i love beef jerky , especially when it is spicy .	yeah this is some spicy spicy stuff . burnt my ass	 ouch . i am still hungry for a donut .	i live right around the corner from a krispy kreme . probably closed now
 hello there ! how are you	hello , i am doing well . cuddled up doing some knitting . how about you ?	 nice ! i am eating pretzels and listening to my favorite band vnv nation	oh i actually listen to vnv nation too . i like nemesis by them	 awesome . sometimes when i am at work on the railroad i listen to them through my ipod	i will do the same when i go for walks . i will walk to the nearby lake .	 lake walks are nice , especially in the evening . i am usually home watching star trek though , haha	what star trek do you prefer ? next generation or something else ?	 i prefer next generation , but i enjoy them all really .	i am with you . next generation wins me over but the others are fantastic as well .	 definately ! star trek is a classic favorite of mine since childhood .	do you have any other hobbies or things you like to do ?	 aside from tv shows and music , i am a huge fan of collecting railroad memorabilia . you ?	my grandpa worked for the railroad . i will sometimes play soccer .	 we share the railroad in common then ! i work there now . soccer is a great sport too .	what do you do specifically at the railroad ?
 hello . tell me about you	hi , i am a mother and grand mother	 nice . i like to eat spicy stuff . and swim	that nice , i love eating hot food also	 my mom does house maid work .	that good norther wrong with that	 i do not have any siblings . you ?	yes five sisters and seven brothers	 wow ! i have gone to mexico .	that good i hope you enjoy it	 yes . i have been to europe also . you ?	cool , i hope to do a lots of traveling soon	 yes . you should , it is fun .	hope to retired soon so i can do that
 hi , wassup ? have you ever bet on sports ?	hi how are you today	 i am good . do you follow sports at all ?	i do not do you	 yes . i run a sports betting newsletter . help gamblers make money .	who did you bet on tonight	 no bets tonight . now i am doing research for the weekend games .	nice i believe in you	 cool . some of my clients make good money with their wagering .	yeah if they have a hot hand	 perhaps . wagering is not for everybody . do you have a hobby ?	i love to read books then	 books are cool . what kind of books do you like ?	i love crime ones mostly	 have you read any game of thrones books ?	i have , have you then
hi	hi , how are you ?	 good what are your hobbies	i like videogames and i am a big music fan .	 cool i like anime	yeah , me too . i am also a part time writer .	 that is cool ! i love gardening its so relaxing	yeah , that is nice . i need to relax !	 do you have a stressful job ?	i do ! i work in a hotel on the night shift !	 oh wow that does sound stressful	yeah , it gets crazy sometimes .
 hey there ! i just got back from my favorite sushi bar	do you like sushi , i am not a fan	 it is only my favorite food in the whole world	my cat would probably like it .	 and if it gets sick i can put my nursing degree to use helping it back	do you work as a nurse ?	 indeed , and my husband is the big strong firefighter	ha sounds much more exciting than my work .	 wee plugging up bullet holes can be called many things . exciting for sure	i arrange flowers for a living .	 that is so sweet , helping people in that way would make me so happy	i do what i can , nothing on your level though .	 well nothing is more important than my two kids .	i am single , live at my parents in the basement .	 that is fine , such is so common these days	but it saves me a lot of money to buy used books .
 hello , are you in school ? i am a student studying for my masters in social sciences	i work , to much probably . i average about 60 hours a week .	 oh wow , where do you work ? a pizza place ? that is my favorite food	on a cruise ship , i get to watch the sun rise and then watch it set .	 i like to eat sushi also , do they have that on the cruise ship ?	yes , they even have breakfast sushi , i eat it before going back into bed for a nap .	 naps can be very refreshing	yes , but sometimes i feel like i should get out and exercise more instead .	 its possible , maybe i should also with eating so much pizzaz	its not easy when they make food tastes so good and naps feel so nice .	 yes , ai not that the truth ? !	if only watching a movie about exercise was good enough .	 if only that was good enough , shucks	ok , i have to go , have a good day
 hi , how are you doing today ?	i am a vegan because i hate animals . i am allergic to them . i live in the city .	 i work at a pizza parlor and live in the city in chicago as well	is your pizza vegan ? i am staying at a farm	 if you get it without cheese it is . do you play any instruments ?	my dream is to stay in the city	 what city are you from ?	i am do not send my info over the net	 okay . do you grow vegetable on the farm you are staying at ?	no i just stay there at the farm	 i live in the city with my two younger brothers and my mother	how old are they i want to know them	 twelve and fifteen years old	wow i hope i can see them	 i hope to be a drummer when i grow up	you should follow your dream
 hi how are you today ?	i am well , how are you ?	 i am doing ok . what do you do for a living	i spend most of my time baking and riding horses . what do you do ?	 i work at a trauma unit as a nurse .	that must be interesting ! i live in texas , where do you live ?	 i live in utah with my husband and 5 kids	i have never been to utah but hear there are beautiful roses there !	 it is beautiful up here . what do you do for fun	mainly ride horses . you ?	 i like to play classical music on my violin	wonderful ! my mom is a retired teacher who plays the violin .	 that is cool she must be very talented and smart	she is wonderful . she taught me to bake and to grow roses .
hello how you doing today	good thanks . hope you are too .	 yes , i am , just finish working and getting ready to jog	are you in an area outside of rimas path ?	 yes , i live in new york , hopefully i can move to australia ,	have you been there ? i would love to visit australia	 no but my friends are from there , just want to make a change	cool . my name is nancy . whats your name ?	 i am sorry , my name maximo	do you have any brothers or sisters in ny ?	 yes i did , she is in heaven , so in he name i donate blood	i am so sorry . i never had any siblings just my barbies as a kid .
 so , did you drink any coffee this morning ?	i did , i cannot start my day without it	 me too , i tried this coffee called cafe bustello and it was tasty	what did you have for lunch ? i had pizza , my favorite	 i had a pastrami sandwich with deli mustard .	that sounds good . i try to eat healthy mostly but sometimes pizza wins	 me too , and i needed a full stomach to deal with my biology students .	oh i bet . sorry i did not give my name , its tom .	 hi tom my name is monique	what are your hobbies monique ?	 i start off the day with some yoga and then a short run .	that sounds like a peaceful start
hello how are you this evening ?	fine . going to watch an old flintstones video later .	 i like tom and jerry . do you work ?	not right now . how about you ?	 i am trying to break out into professional photography	what kind of pictures do you take ?	 mostly landscapes . i live in a very beautiful place . where do you live ?	in a large city . i am interested in comedy and jokes . do you like it ?	 sure . i do not own a television but i love comedy . ever seen curb your enthusiasm ?	cannot say i have . like to watch south park with my pal .	 cool that is one of my favorite shows . haha	has good jokes . very simple . kind i like .	 i like the old southpark . i am not very political . i am an anarchist	do you have family ?	 i do not i am like batman	me neither . i have one friend .
good morning . do you know how expensive calf implants are ?	haha , no , unfortunately i do not . looking to get some ?	 yes , i am saving up . i just want to be happy in my own body .	all you need is a little magic . i am wiccan actually .	 maybe you could help me out . do you know spells ?	i do not , but you would have to actually be here for them to be performed .	 oh ok . my girlfriend is interested in witchcraft . she would like you	that is awesome . my parents are science deniers but do not belive in wicca	 it is hard when family does not understand .	it is but i spend most of my time away from home at the animal shelter	 that is so nice . do you think my girlfriend will ever understand why i need plastic surgery ?	she may understand , but she may just believe you are perfect how you are .	 i love her but i wish she understood . are you in a relationship ?	i am , two years in .	 very nice ! married or dating ?	dating , too young for marriage right now .
 hi , how are you doing ?	i am doing good . how was your day today ?	 it was good , played with my dog whos my best friend	oh that is good . i went to church and watched tv . whats dogs name ?	 my dogs name is jameson but i have never drank alcohol before haha	jameson . i like tv game shows and tv dinners . what do you like ?	 i like to sing but i am too shy	i just left london and saw a musical . it agitates me to hear you are shy .	 wow that sounds magical . i only sing when i am in the shower	ahahah i like to sing in church . i like to cook . you like omelettes ?	 love them ! when i eat eggs i feel content with my life	i like vegetarian omelettes . but no green beans please . i do not like green beans
 hi . how are you doing this evening ?	hello ! i am doing lovely , thanks for asking ! yourself ?	 enjoying the cooler weather tonight . what are you doing ?	just finishing off the dinner i made tonight . potatoes and peppers , yum !	 that sounds pretty good . what kind of music do you like ?	i prefer classical music myself , especially violins . you ?	 a little of everything . i sing in a barbershop quartet , but i also rap .	where do you work ? i have to get up early for a nurse shift tomorrow .	 here and there as a handyman . do you work in a doctors office ?	i work at a children hospital . it was always a dream of mine	 that is so great . i do not know if i could work with sick kids	it definitely is not always easy , but it is also very rewarding , you know ?	 it sounds like it . whats the best part ?	the look of joy on the faces of children and family when recovery is a success	 i would bet that is a lot like watching your favorite team win the playoffs	not much of a sports fan , but i know a bit . who is your favorite team ?
hi , how are you doing today ?	i am good , how are you ?	 i believe that anything i want to achieve , i can . how about you ?	absolutely , i graduated and became a rn	 oh and i am doing good , too . even though i have never been kissed by a woman .	really ? that is interesting , why not ?	 cool , runs are important . maybe because gossiping is what i love to do .	maybe you can be like pretty woman and fall in love with a millionaire	 they would have to watch the show jimmy fallon runs . do you watch it ?	no not much of a tv person , reading is my thing	 awesome , i like to read as well . are you reading anything now ?	i am looking for a good horror book	 so am i , maybe we should try and read the twilight series ?	that would be cool . vampires and werewolves	 or you should try reading it by stephen king if you have not already read it .	i have read it and seen the movie
 stephen king , artist , married , twins and love reading . you ?	hi name is kelly , and i hope to visit rome but cannot go alone .	 i am available for the rome thing . you married ? i am .	the death of kurt cobain impacted my middle school years .	 chicken wings are our friends . i read alot . you ?	i love combat boots and baby doll dresses	 get out ! me too ! stephen king is hot ! you sing or draw ? i do .	i had flirted with dmv instructor to pass my driving test .	 oh okay . i wrote a book . one time i made a unicorn cry . you write ?	my dad wants a connection with me but he is a deadbeat	 hmmm i see . my husband writes too . you married ?	nope i am in high school .	 i love trumps hair . any hobbies ?	haha my hobbies are collecting old records .
 hey cheers to the weekend an clean retainers , get it lol	no i do not lol . . explain ?	 what excites you ? i am real good with math an biology is my fav .	horseback riding . . camping ! our family goes nearly every month	 i am a geek with lame jokes lol sorry	that is okay i can respect that haha	 cool ! i like computers always looking at 1 .	i feel like i am too . but my two sons keep me very busy	 thanks lol i got a job at google	oh that is a great job !	 i love to think an debate you ?	honestly i am not too into that ! i prefer listening to my fave justin bieber	 aw kids , 1 day i will have some . not ready .	yeah they are a handful but so much fun to watch grow
 hi , my name is chad , i have red hair , long . how are you ?	i am good i am spending time with my seven siblings , i am the youngest .	 seven ? wow . i live alone with my 10 cats .	i love cats ! as much as my friends who i would do anything for .	 you should try blue jello with your friends , it is my favorite	sounds good do you have any guilty pleasures ? mine is mcdonalds .	 super good , i love all kind of food except asparagus , i do not eat that	me either ! are you married ? i am still searching for love .	 i told you that i have lot of cats , so i have to be single	ha ha ! what do you do for a living ?	 chat to strangers over the internet while eating blue jello d	lol ! i am in real estate and waitress on the weekends .	 kinda weird combination , love it	it is ! it keeps me going though !	 that is what counts , i can not do much while taking care of my cats	i bet they keep you busy .
 hello there !	hello . how are you ?	 i am doing good . what are you up to ?	i am just getting ready to go to work . how about you ?	 i am watching tv	where are you from ?	 i live in los angeles , right next to miley cyrus and pnb rock !	nice ! my best friend lives in los angeles as well and loves it there .	 yes it is great !	what do you like to do ?	 i like to hang out and watch tv , my favorite show is on right now !	cool . so what is your favorite show ?	 tom and jerry . . . classic !	that is definately a classic . i remember watching that as a kid . good times !
 hello how are you	i am doing well . what about you ?	 just practicing karate i am a black belt	that is impressive . i am a policeman	 after 30 years i am still just a business man	well does that pay well ? do you hunt ?	 nope , but my three kids love to hunt	i like to sometimes . but i always take a camera too	 i must go sing to my wife who has terminal cancer she loves that	you sound like a nice person to do that .	 well she usually does all the cooking , i am going to hate to loose her	aw , that is so sad . what do you like to eat ?	 pizza , meat loaf , mashed taters , any soul food she can cook up i eat	well broccoli is gross so i do not like that . the pizza sounds great	 i like to eat with my kids now , they are great , my daughter is a gold digger	haha but you still love her right ?
 hi how are you ? i am eating dinner with my hubby and 2 kids .	i am eating with my wife . she makes the best pasta .	 that sounds delicious . do you like people ? i enjoy everyone except other drivers	i do not like other drivers . i deal with a lot on my hour long commute .	 oh that would drive me crazy ! do you work in telecom like my husband ?	i am actually an artist .	 fascinating ! do you paint mountains ? i climb them	i paint whatever i can . especially when i am listening to pink .	 my 2 daughters really like pink	i get concentrated and draw all the time . i think i am pretty good .	 i would love to see some of your work sometime . what else do you like ?	i like watching movies with the wife .	 my husband and i like going out to movies . especially crowded ones	i prefer going when less people are there .	 that is how i feel about driving . i wish everyone else would go away	that is how i feel . but i am happy when i get my coffee .
 hey ! how are you today ?	hi , i am ok tired as always tho	 aw , sorry to hear it . why are you tired ?	overworked , lots of hours , how about you ?	 i am pretty good . it was a beautiful day here today .	sorry for delay , i am always eating	 ooh its ok . what are you eating ?	angel food cake , i love it	 oh yum ! i just ate too . i had pasta for dinner , its my favorite !	oh , i have a constant hunger , i want some !	 i would share some if i could ! what else do you like to do ?	work long hours saving up to get my corvette	 nice ! what color will you get ?	i have not decided yet . maybe steel grey
 hey . how are you today ?	great ! just taking a break from grading my students papers . you ?	 just getting out of bed . about to play this new videogame .	what game is it ? i am not much of a video game player but i love pool	 pool nice and nfl game . parents want me out of house to get a job .	you probably should . i teach art for middle schoolers . it is very fulfilling	 tomorrow my birthday i be 33 . thinking about ordering pizza .	you should . congratulations . what is on your bucket list ?	 to take care of my parents and this nfl game is so good .	i have the goal to compose a book .	 once you do i will buy it . just want to order a pizza .	that is really sweet of you though . i also want to go see the pyramids one day	 rather just play the game and hope you see it one day	i am sure i will !
 hi , what kind of things are you interested in ?	i am a person who does a lot of teapot collection ,	 nice , i like to blog about the things that surround me	i started the teapot collection after my divorce . 2 years now .	 after marriage for me , had 2 kids and needed to change professions	what professions ? i work at a bank full time .	 i go shopping a lot , and do blog reviews for the things i purchase	awesome ! ! you can make money with that . i live in my grandmother , in her guesthouse .	 i was a cheerleader in high school but i could not make money doing that	yeah of course . that was highschool . lol	 even as a professional they do not make enough money to live off	yes i agree . i work in a bank i have hard time keeping up with payments	 yeah it gets rough at times	it can be , i know things will be looking up for the both of us ! !
 hi ! i love eating mac and cheese while i watch tv on the couch all day !	cool , i enjoy nature and spend a lot of time outdoors .	 that sounds like fun . when i do bother to go to work i make cars .	i see , i do farm work .	 oh that sounds interesting . do you own livestock ?	yes , i have chickens and eat their eggs for breakfast .	 i went to the zoo last week . i saw some chickens there .	wow , i have never heard of chickens at the zoo .	 yeah they had all sort of amazing animals . even pigeons ! i never saw one of those before !	do you go to the zoo , often ?	 every few months i really love looking at wildlife .	do you go out camping ?	 i have never been camping . too much of a city guy .	i enjoy camping . lots of wildlife there .	 yes that is true . but i would probably have to leave my couch at home .	lol , well that is true .
 hello , do you like coffee mugs ? i make a lot of them with pottery	i love coffee mugs ! i am an old soul and like that stuff .	 so you would say you like refurbished classic cars ?	oh yes , i am passionate about a lot of things .	 tell me your passions would you ?	i like to tell stories . i just want to be heard . have a voice .	 ahh yes . . voices , i hear them often . do tell me more ?	well , i have chronic back problem , unfortunately .	 oh no , i once had a back problem . after i won on the show jeopardy	oh wow ! i would love to be on a game show !	 which ? it was fun , alex has a lovely mustache	i have a crush on pat seajack . he gets me worked up ;	 hey you and me both sister brother . tell me more about the seajack	i like the way he says the word vowel .	 how about that vanna ? what couple of great hosts	yes , i think she is an old soul like me .
hi am jackie and married to my awesome husband james	hi , i am very single . i was hoping to meet someone tonight .	 what time is your date ? i am also a writer for new york times	no dates for me . but i love to write , it is my passion .	 what do you write ? i have an apartment in the big apple	i write about yoga and my favorite color , which is grey .	 w that is awesome ! i love go to museums	i think that museums are boring .	 aww give it a try and look around ! d	if the museum is about grey and yoga i shall try .	 well that is all a person can do is try	i am have been trying not to be single , but you are married to james !	 haha that is true . just having some fun	fun is not allowed for singles . all i see is grey .	 well you can change those grey thoughts to more colorful thoughts	no , all i like is grey , yoga , and writing .
good morning i am a footballer	good morning , i am an accountant with two dogs .	 cool . do you enjoy this work ?	no . i really love potatoes and would rather grow them .	 i am in the nfl . second year . i like potato chips .	my car is leased . i drive my 2 dogs in it .	 i own all my cars and have no dogs for them . sad !	sad indeed . you must get a dog ,	 i dunno it sounds a bit hairy .	you can get a hairless one !	 i do not think i would like the looks of that .	it is the love that counts , that is all .	 could i really love a hairless dog though ?	i believe you could love whatever you set your heart to 3	 maybe i will set my heart to something related to football career	yes , you could have a pet football . like a pet rock .
good afternoon how are you today ?	i am doing ok , trying to clean up from hurricane harvey . how are you ?	 where do you live to be affected by harvey	i am in texas . i listen to ke ha to keep my spirits up while i clean .	 i live in louisiana and we were affected also	i am sorry to here that . i keep waiting for my friend james save us . . .	 i am employed in a grocery store	i work for james . can you keep a secret ?	 of course i can keep a secret	james is the real ruler of the world , has been for a long time .	 i love to ride my unicycle	james is going to take down the government using his secret plan .	 gosh i hope not that is scary	all i can say is , pudding gives me terrible gas , and he is going to use that .	 i love pudding and it gives me gas	james is a nice guy , do not be afraid , be excited . he has big plans for us .
 hello how are you today ?	great . just sitting here listening to some music	 what kind of music are you listening to ?	religious music . i usually listen to it when i play my favorite game	 what is your favorite game ? i like to draw in my spare time	basketball . its hard though since i am fifty and female !	 i love basketball , i am a tall woman so basketball came natural	i usually do not talk this much , thank you for the conversation .	 you are welcome . in greece my family loved to talk to people	i have a very deep love that is for my family !	 that is good , we came here from greece in the 50s	cool . i want to go there someday , i bet its amazing .	 it is , and of course my specialty is ethnic food cooking	i wish i had some mexican food now . i am starving .	 i would love to cook for you	i would love it if you would ! what would you make me ?
 hello hi how are you ?	good , how are you this evening ?	 i am great thanks . i love hunting do you ?	i have not done it . i have 2 kids so i have no time .	 not married yet , but it would be nice to start a family	it good . my husband has a church , he is a pastor .	 that sounds holy , do you like basketball ? i do	i do , when i am not selling clothes on facebook .	 how long have you been doing that ?	years now . back when my hair was curly and a bit darker . ll	 my hair is curly too .	i like it curly . sigh , i hate cleaning house but i need to .	 i should clean too .	we just got our power back on after the hurricane .
 hello , i am an attorney	wow your job is very impressive ! i am still in high school . do you have any hobby ?	 yeah i have dress nicely for it , i like going to comedies	i have been to a few myself . i prefer watching tv shows , like greys anatomy	 i like to exercise a lot , i believe i have sexy muscles .	i think you are right , it is important to keep fit and mentally healthy	 even though i am bald i have a kick but beard that is thick	i also want beard , but my mother tells me no . i do not want to upset her	 can you even grow a beard at your age ?	of course i can . but in my school band , they also want us to shave	 oh that is stupid . is there anything else interesting about you ?	i try to follow a schedules , so that i can feel good about myself . what about you ?	 nope i have told you everything about me !	that was quite interesting , it was very nice talking to an attorney .	 all the same to you child from high school	i am not a child anymore ! do not mock me !
 hey , whats up ? what are you doing today ?	hey , not doing much enjoying a day off from work with my husband	 i am just sitting around ignoring my homework , i am almost done with those nuns .	seems like you had a rough day . where are you from	 i am in new england , how about you ?	i live in denver i love the mountains	 awesome . i am going out to uc berkeley next year , gonna party my bootie off !	its best to study and do well too . i went to university colorado got my mba	 i would love to go to colorado , i never get to go anywhere .	maybe you will when you get done with college	 yeah studying is all well and good but i cant wait to party !	that is fun to do to . do you have a car
 hi how are you today	i am well , trying to plan my vacation to florida .	 florida is beautiful are you going to orlando ? i am in houston	i try to go to a different town in florida every winter actually .	 winter is the perfect time to go . have you ever been to australia or texas ?	nope but i would like to . are they beautiful ?	 i love texas i am going to live in australia next year for my boyfriend	that is so exciting ! does texas have karaoke ?	 yes they do ! do you like to sing	oh yes ! every thursday night !	 what kind of songs do you sing ? i cant sing but i do jog	i start out with yellow by coldplay almost every time . it is my favorite color .	 yellow is a nice color i like blue	they go well together . what else do you do ?	 i give my blood the end of each month for my sister she died few years ago	how sweet of you . my sister is getting quite famous for her books ,
 hi , there ! whats up ? here its foggy .	its sunny here . perfect weather for flying .	 whats your favorite color ? mines red .	i like red too , with a bit of blue and yellow . like a superhero !	 i wish i could fly like superman . i would go all over the world , even to other planets .	my brother and i would like to pretend playing as superheroes when we were little .	 i would rather listen to music . my dad gave me some koss quadraphonic headphones .	nice , how do they sound ?	 wow ! unbelievable . he used to work at koss . has a big collection of all their models .	do you have any hobbies ?	 not really , just listening to music . oh , and i have already visited all the continents .	i enjoy watching movies at the theater .	 any favorite movies ? any good ones lately ?	i like the marvel cinematic universe , of course . i think wonder woman was pretty good .
hi how are you today ?	i am well ! i am hanging out with my cat and playing some video games .	 does your cat like to watch ?	he watches me play games most of the time . he is named leroy jenkins .	 i bet he is happy to have chicken	i wish i could have a real dragon to train , fight with leroy some times .	 do you eat meat then	my favorite thing to do is eat a cheeseburger and play on my 386 . do you ?	 what is a 386 though ?	it is a vintage computer ! i love playing my retro games on it .	 wow that sounds cool where do your parents work	my parents are long gone . my suspenders make my shoulders and back hurt . i am old .	 what happened to your parents ?	they passed away . i am an older person . the 386 was mine growing up .
 do you like to bake ? i do	hi , i like bike , how are you ?	 i am fine . do you like to surf ?	yes , what is you hobbies	 surfing , great baker , military bases i am an army brat .	great , my professional is it , and you ?	 i work long hours as a nurse at a army hospital	good , i am married , are you married ?	 yes i am married my husband is a soldier	how many childrens you have ?	 two children in high school . how many do you have ?	i have only one , she studied 2nd class	 do you have any hobbies ?	yes i like rap music and dance	 that sounds like good hobbies	where are you from in us
 hi how are you tonight ? i am pretty down girlfriend dumped me	hi how are you i am sorry to hear that you will be okay .	 i hope so . what do you do for work ? i teach art	i can not work any more sweetie disabled art is great .	 sorry to hear that do you like books ? i love them	me too my favorite one is the bible .	 that is a good one . what do you have planned this weekend ?	it is true i am originally from germany and you ?	 i live in colorado how was germany ?	it was okay but i am in new jersey now like it better .	 yea do not blame you . there is a lot to do there	my best artist was prince he will be missed and yours ?	 i like rock the lead from linkin park recently took his own life	oh my i like to hear a lot of blues music too .	 i never really listened to much of that	it is just what they call it blues not happy music .
 hi , i am very family oriented . are you ?	hello ! i really enjoy the company of my friends . they have done so much for me .	 cool . what do you and your friends like to do ?	i cannot walk ; however , i love to be outside during the winter . what about you ?	 sorry to hear that . i love jazz music and playing bingo with my husband .	how fun ! my friend bought me a car , so i can still get around pretty well .	 that is awesome , some day i have trouble walking , i have metal in my knee	how did that happen ?	 i shattered my knee playing tennis	i miss playing tennis ! i miss eating bread too . i just found out i am gluten free .	 that is not so bad at least you will be healthy	true ! i am really into different vitamins .	 i take iron and b12 everyday	i take vitamins a lot when i am sick .	 oh you have to keep everything running smoothly	especially since i cannot run !
 hey ! wanna k bjorn ow something weird ?	i did not understand the question .	 sorry ! do you want to know something weird ?	sure . it cant be weirder than me listening to pink while painting .	 i drive my hearse on halloween scaring kids ! haha	i drive a station wagon to work in the morning . takes a hour .	 that is a very long commute	well , if my mug of coffee is full it is all good .	 lol . i drive bjorn k coffee while i crochet	my wife does crochet . she makes killer pasta too .	 i like pasta . she should bring me some at the craft store	where are you ? we are in florida .	 oh , i am in georgia . not too far	georgia is great this time of year .	 yes it is . i am loving the cooler weather	it is just getting cooler here .
 hi . how are you tonight	i am am doing good just listening to music	 oh that is cool i love guns and roses	i like any music except country mostly five finger death punch though	 i really love rock and my black purse	i love to read books lots of books	 i wear a lot of black clothing	black is a good color do you like the hot weather i can not take it	 i hate it , i am moving away from florida and spring time	i would travel the world if i could but cant afford it	 me too . i want to go to ireland	oh i hear it is wonderful do u have a family	 yes i have 3 beautiful children	i do not have children yet but i spend alot of time with friends and family
 hello ! how are you this evening ? hope all is going well !	its going good thanks for asking	 that is great ! so , where you from ? what do you like ?	i am from cali , have you ever been ?	 no , regretfully . i hear its really sunny and nice out there weather wise	what do you do for a living ?	 i mainly deal in antiques mostly online but i have a small store as well	what city are you from ?	 i am from new orleans or new orrrlans as they say it here . .	what are some of your hobbies ?	 well , of course , antiques ! and i have a big doll collection	are you marries ? any kids ?	 yes , been married for about twelve years , two kids . . how about yourself ?	i have been married three times
i there i love working out its important	hello , yes it is ! do you like music ?	 yes i do an i only eat healthy !	ok , whats your favorite band ? i love guns and roses .	 cool , i do not like any bands i am always busy with soccer .	oh , i like rock bands . whats your favorite color ?	 i must always look like i am having fun on the gram	do you mean instagram ? how old are you ?	 i got a scholarship for soccer too	that is great ! my favorite color is black , i always wear it . whats yours ?	 i am 21 , i need to go workout again today .	i am 25 . i need to go buy another black purse . cheers !
 hello , what are you up to ? i am listening to music !	oh just trying to get some writing done . what music do you like ?	 i love rock music ! how about you , what are you writing ?	oh i like all kinda , but my favorite is kpop . just home work	 i do not have homework any more i have a real job designing video games	wow , i really love video games . that must be fun	 its not too bad my best friend , my mom thinks it is a ridiculous job	i think it is great . makes me eat too much junk though	 i love junk food ! partially because i hate all vegetables especially broccoli	yeah broccoli does make some people grossed out . where do you work ?	 it is a company called blizzard entertainment , its pretty awesome . do you have a job ?	that is great ! i work at a hotel , i do the overnights	 that must be hard ! i do not think i could do overnight work	is is not bad , i like it . i get to write a lot	 well that is great ! are you writing a book ?	yeah , a script in my spare time
 hi how are you doing ?	heller ! i am doing great . drinking iced tea . i love it .	 what do you do for a living ?	i work cleaning skyscraper windows but fights terrify me .	 what city are you in ?	i live in arcadia fl , with my four sisters and my mom .	 do you have any hobbies ?	looking for mermaids . i believe they are real . how about you .	 i wish i could be with the pool boy	pool boys are my jam . my mom is my best friend .	 do you have any hobbies ?	watching mermaids and pool boys . ll
hi there ! are you having nice night ?	i am just sitting here eating kale and listen to adam levine . you ?	 watching football . i watch all the alabama games .	they are so bad i would not even let my children watch them !	 i do as i am a student at alabama university .	what are you studying there ?	 geology is my major . what do you do ?	i am a mom of two kids 8 and 9 . what about you ?	 just school . i have social anxiety so i do not go out much .	i do when i get enough iron . do you live alone ?	 no . with a roommate who drinks a lot . i never had a drink before .	i love drinking and singing like adam levine .	 he has a really good voice . i have seen him on tv before .	i love him . i am going to have to go . i need more kale .	 i hope you enjoy the rest of your evening .	i hope that you do to .
 hey there , everyone says i look like a girl because i have long hair .	then you should tell them to watch john gresham movies .	 i will do that . maybe i will scare them with my pet lizard .	lizards are great , my parents had them when they were working in politics .	 lizards are awesome . i have only three good friends and my lizard .	my three friends all hate john gresham books .	 i have never read his books but i sure wish i could live in a fantasy land .	yeah , its just that because of fantasy lands , my girlfriend is leaving me .	 oh no , i am sorry . i dream about fantasy lands and draw them in class .	its okay , she just tells me everyday because i am a really great guitar player .	 wow , i would love to hear you play some time .	my parents taught me after they found goodness in themselves .
 hey ! ! i just got done walking my four pups ! . i am so beat .	hi sounds tiring . cant walk my dog right now . my knee is still healing from surgery .	 my tattoo sleeve is aching , so i get that .	being 7 foot in height is hard on my knees . what are your hobbies ?	 drinking at the bar with me peeps .	i love basketball . when i heal up i want to play overseas .	 how lovely . your height is likely a benefit .	sometimes . in college ball it was . do you have a day job ?	 i am a stay at home mom by day and a photog by night .	busy life . mostly i am just playing gimpy until my big break comes .	 props to you man . keep on fighting .	thanks . do you have any other favorites you want to share with me ?	 dogs are the bomb dot com .	you like dogs ? do you have a dog ?
 what is your favorite kind of flower ?	saffron . beautiful . rare . expensive . and slightly hallucinogenic	 wow you really like flowers ! i love roses .	you ever try cooking with them . roses ?	 cooking what ? i am vegan	well , roses are very fragrant , so that can be imparted into food	 my cat jasper keeps jumping on my keyboard !	jasper ! bad kitty . i had an audition today	 really ? did you get the gig ?	noooooooooo . but , tomorrow is another day .	 next time wear orange its my favorite good luck color	the apron on the cooking show , was orange . so sad i did not get ti
 i am irene , i read suspense books and love it	hello , irene . i am mia , and i am a chef .	 i started to write blogs to get my thoughts out there and share opinions with .	that sounds interesting , what kind of blog ?	 even though i have no one to share with my thoughts i have found other bloggers	i would like to start a blog one day , maybe about cooking and hiking .	 i wish i had others around me to share my thoughts on the books i read	do you ever go out and meet people ? or have friends over ?	 i have collaborated with other publishers	very nice . my mother is a professor at the local college .	 that is awesome what kind of professor ?	literature . my father is a history teacher at the high school .	 wow ! ! does your family talk to each other a lot ?	we talk , we are all very busy .	 that is good . i am collaborating with some publishers about my book	yes , you said that already . do you have memory issues ?
 hey hows it going	its going great . i just retired and i am so excited about my new life !	 you should chase lizards on island like me	that sounds like fun ! i would love to travel to an island .	 there is so much stuff to do , like snorkeling . its my favorite	i love the water ! . when my husband retires next year i would love to travel .	 does he like mangoes ? the fresh mangoes here are amazing	he loves fruit that is for sure ! what else do you do on your island ?	 i ironically listen to gary human , it motivates me to hunt lizards	as a retired school teacher , i think it would be fascinating to learn about lizards .	 we do not have many stores . so i import apple products to learn about them	well that is brilliant . i bet you walk a lot on your island which i love to do .
 hi how are you this morning	before i die i would like to author a novel	 i write books too under a different name of course . what genre do you want	playing pool is what i am good at i am quite excellent !	 that is good i play every once in a while do you like music	although i am an adult i really like unicorns . hah	 unicorns are cool no matter what age you are . what do you do for a living	visiting the pyramids is something i would love to do !	 that would be interesting to do . i like to hike just got to hike the appalachian	writing a book before i die is something i want	 what kind of book do you want to write ?	well i teach art at middle school
hello , how are you tonight ?	i am doing well , just finished a work out .	 we have one at work , even though i do not use it .	i like to lift weights but squats are not for me .	 if i lifted weights , i would end up in the er . . . at my own hospital	is that what you do for work ?	 it is , i do not like the long hours though .	i am about to enter the police academy . this upcoming summer .	 nice ! i am car shopping . thinking about a toyota truck .	what do you drive now	 i drive a jeep , i did not get a vote on this one .	i drive a fiat .	 i like those ! what color ?	mine is a boring white . i ca	 my jeep is black .	what do you enjoy to eat ?
 hi , what do you do ? i am a retired nurse who loves bagels .	hi ! i am a model . used to be chubby by tall and blonde now	 nice ! you must be in great shape now , would you care to arm wrestle ?	sure i can try ! could we listen to music together ?	 that would be great , i enjoy listening to music while i am painting outdoors .	how lovely ! i listen to insane clown posse	 what a coincidence , i have made maps for them before !	wow i feel like i personally know them now !	 me , too . did you know i also like making bagels ?	i did not ! i would love to learn how to make bagels	 well , its super easy . any simpleton can do it , really .	can you show me sometime ?
 hi how are you this evening ?	fine how are you feeling tonight ?	 good i just got off work at mcdonalds .	i hope you had a good shift , i love my occupation .	 it was ok , what do you do for a living ?	i was an actress now i work as a clerk .	 fun ! i am currently living with mom and dad while i save for a car .	what kind of music do you like to listen to me country .	 i love country music . my favorite artist is jason aldeen .	good make sure to take your dad with you when you buy your car .	 i will , being only 18 i do not know a lot about cars .	do you have a pet . i adore every animal .	 i do i have a cat .	do a lot of research to ensure you are not buying a bad car . good luck	 thank you ! i will need a good car for college in a year .	you will have a car in no time just stay focused . congrats on going to college .
 hey how is it going ?	pretty good do you place any games like nintendo ?	 o no i never quite figured it out .	so what do you do in your free time ?	 i love to garden when i have the time	i live further north no gardens	 damn son how far north do you live ?	on the far tip near alaska	 what a coincidence i live up in anchorage	are there a lot of fishing spots that way ?	 so many , excellent fishing up here , especially if you drive just a bit	any where its considered ice fishing ?	 you have to go a little further north from here to get in some good ice fishing	are there any rc clubs there ?	 i am sure there are i have not really looked into it	but there are lots of fish ?
 how are you doing today ?	i am doing great how about yourself ?	 doing okay . trying to get work done , but having trouble with getting motivated .	same welcome to life lol college student	 i have so many papers to write . are you doing any better ?	same here ! i am doing well just real busy	 i need to stop letting my mind wander .	hard to do with so many distractions ! where are you from	 from texas , how about you ?	originally europe but now in new york lol	 wow , you have come a long way !	yep i want to move to california	 i have been to san diego . it was really nice there	i want to ride my motorcycle there
how are you tonight i am great	good just enjoying listening to the lumineers	 do you like hockey i love the game	no , i am more into reading and walking outside on sunny days	 that is nice also my mom likes to paint	cool ! does she like to sing songs also ? i sing many	 i do not think so what do you sing	anything happy . i am just a happy person	 i like to be happy to like when i visited japan	that does sound happy ! tell me more about it	 it was a great time any time i am away from home is	do you enjoy walking on sunny days . we could both go ?	 yes that sounds like a plan	lets do it ! what else do you enjoy ?	 highschool i am going to be there soon	oh ! cool , when do you finish ?
 hello , how are you doing today ?	fine i am wearing my favorite red dress to the bacon ball	 bacon ball ? that sounds strange . what is it ?	a bacon enthusiast and appreciation event my car is candy apple red	 so you love bacon and the color red i take it ?	my purse for the event is red too	 i like a lot of different colors , but i guess my favorite would be teal .	i only own black heels not red . . sigh	 i am sure you will still look so fantastic !	thank you red is my color some say i am obsessed	 it sounds like you might be !	i did not go full red til my divorce	 i am sorry to hear about that . i am not married .	its ok hopefully oreo my dog can maybe break my red color she is a puppy	 oh i love puppies ! is this your first ?	no second i foster dogs to keep busy
 good evening assuming its evening where you are .	yeah , i am in san fransisco . out on a beer run right now .	 hope you are not texting and driving , . .	no , its all the idiots who do that . so what do you know ?	 actually , i was wondering whats for dinner tonight . your dinner , i mean . just curious .	beer . perfect for dinner . my gut tells me it is plenty of calories .	 your gut would be right about that . oddly , i never learned to like beer myself .	dude , its the best beverage . so what do you like ?	 as far a liquor goes ? vodka . rum . and . . . . brown sugar bourbon !	cool . know any wierd facts ? i hear smelling farts prevents cancer .	 tell me you are joking ! but farts are better than cancer .	yeah dude , and mine are pretty radical . so where you from ?	 new hampshire . or new hampsha , as we pronounce it .	what do you do for fun ? a party in the original colonies probably rocks .
 hello how are you ? john here	fine . thank you . how are you	 i am very well . just hanging out listening to some jazz .	oh good . i like ballet .	 me too i am such a romantic the victorian era , dolls , antiques you name it	my mother ballerina is so good	 wow my favorite is swan lake . do you like that one ?	yes i do like it and my whole family supports me	 that is really nice of them . family is super important .	so i want to spend my rest of the life after 6 months	 it was really nice talking with you . i hope you enjoy your ballet !	yes ballet is good and hope you enjoy jazz	 do you have any other hobbies ?	i know ballet and ballet only .	 wow , you must really be an expert then !	i wish to retire after six months and spend more time for it
 hello , how is your day so far ?	pretty good , how is yours ?	 doing great . just finished dropping the children off at swim practice .	i do not have any yet . i just got hired at goodly as a software engineer .	 cool beans . i work as meeting coordination for goodly . . . what branch you operate from ?	i am in maine . i get to eat my favorite seafood lobster a lot .	 ok . i am upstate myself in schenectady , ny	i started as an stern there last year . they finally hired me full time .	 tell me who has the best mail order lobster there ?	i think winter harbour has the best .	 i will check it out . my husband and i are always in for a road trip .	you should . i just love seafood .
hello , how are you today ?	i am good just watching greys anatomy	 my girlfriend loves that show , i go home when it comes on .	my favorite person got me into it mom is my bff	 i think i interviewed a few cast members for our paper .	nice i am in the high school marching band	 my daughter is as well . she plays eight instruments .	wow music has helped my life stay strong	 i hear that a lot from my friends who did band .	even before band it helped me cope when grandpa died	 i know it kept a lot of my friends away from alcohol . not me . .	well my dad smokes herb for his cancer recovery	 i only drink , been trying to quit since i retired from the paper .	yeah stress can make us do crazy things	 it sure can . do you like to surf ?	no there is not much ocean in denver
hello . i love to read .	i like to run	 i like running too . i also gave up eating meat about 2 years ago	i am a great author who also likes to read	 awesome ! maybe one day i can read some of your work ?	yes i drink green tea when i write	 i prefer sweet tea . or lemonade .	i love sweet tea also	 whats your fave movie ? mine is pretty woman . love richard gere	i like mystery movies the best	 mysteries are good . i just like rom coms better lol	they help clear my head	 that sounds helpful for writing	it does help a great deal .	 i wish i could find a way to clear mine lol	running helps with that also
good afternoon . how are you doing ,	i am doing well today , thank you for asking .	 sure . do you like dogs ?	i do like dogs but i have 6 cats and no dogs .	 i try to volunteer at the shelter with dogs so i see them all day .	do you enjoy working with dogs ?	 i love it . they are great creatures .	i enjoy what i do , i serve smoothies at a smoothie shop	 sounds like a delicious job . haha ! fun one to have .	lol . . yeah i guess but i also attend a local college in the process .	 i go to college , but currently am between classes .	that is cool . what kind of music do you like ? i like classic rock .	 i do too . and also 90s alternative .	awesome ! what kind of food do you like ? i enjoy a vegetarian diet .	 i prefer italian cuisine and trying new foods .	i have a large family . what about you ?
 hi i am from argentina . where are you from ?	from the usa , i love traveling though	 you will love argentina , especially the food and the women	what kind of food do they have ? i love spicy food	 lots of spices and herbs that are not available in the us .	that sounds nice . i ve been to mexico and canada	 i like to eat a lot of beef like americans but not all of the other stuff .	what s your favorite beef dish ?	 beef empanada . i cant get enough . they addictive like my girlfriends .	nice , what do you do for a living ?	 i train horses . i like to ride them a lot in my free time too .	that sounds like a lot of fun . i m studying business in college	 one day you will be rich enough to come to argentina and have empanadas	haha yeah , that would be amazing . do you put salsa on empanadas ?
 hi , how are you doing today ? pool boy next door is looking good today .	i am doing great but wish i was at the beach	 i hear you . no pool boys , but lifeguards can be delicious . . . lol .	i enjoy boating too but not much time because i work in a hospital	 really ? i tend to argue with myself . do you think a hospital visit might help ?	it may help to talk to a doctor such as myself	 ok doc . i wear tiny rain coats while collecting toys . what is wrong with me ? ?	you sound normal enough at least you have a hobby	 ok good . thanks , because i starting to worry the neighbors , lol .	live your life the way you want too and you will be happy	 you are a great dr . thank you . i feel so much better about myself !	i am glad i could help you .	 maybe you could visit my neighbors ? tell them they need not fear ? ! ?	i would do that for you .	 you are too kind . but not the pool boy please . we get on fine enough !	i understand . i will leave the pool boy out of this
 hey , how are you ? my name is robert .	hi robert . i am good . playing with my pet iguanas .	 i love iguanas ! mine like to chew on my beard , pretty weird .	i think i can train my dogs to read if i try hard .	 dogs ? i thought we were talking about iguanas . dogs are cool too , i guess .	i like to give my dogs sassy names .	 like what ? i met a dog that was taller than me , so it is a sore subject .	no more dog talk . i cannot get anymore because i am poor .	 i thought you had dogs ? tell me more about the sassy names , i am interested .	i thought we were not talking about dogs ? i do not talk to my brother much .	 you are all over the place . iguanas , dogs , and your brother all in three minutes !	lol . . i wanted to tell you more about myself . what are your hobbies ?	 not much . i mostly take care of my elderly parents . they are both in their 80s .	my grandpa is 87 . my parents are in their 60s .	 that is very young ! is your family healthy ?	nothing majorly bad . high blood pressure and my dad has a little diabetes .	 good that they are healthy . mine almost always have pneumonia .	oh no ! well i wish them well .	 i doubt they have much time left . i will be happy when they are no longer suffering .	ohhh . . . i understand . well have a good weekend !
 hello there . my name is sarah . how are you doing today ?	pretty good , cassie here . got a couple boys in high school . crazy huh ?	 my two sons are a piece of work as well . thank god for my husband	yeah , i my hubby makes my life easier too . life is different than before them .	 i hear you . life is incomplete ever since my dog passed .	oh , that is sad i know how that feels when you lose something . i feel lost lately	 i am so sorry . painting has been my outlet lately .	me too , i need more friends like you . most of friends are a bit of a bore .	 vice versa ! the world is my inspiration is what my parents instilled in me	i have not seen my parents in 20 some years , i am 53 . life moves quickly .	 life is too short ! carpe diem !	i like you . . . i am going to have to look that one up .	 thank you ! need to appreciate and never take life for granted	i guess that makes sense , maybe i need to find myself again .
 hey , how are you doing ?	i am great , what do you do for a living ?	 i cook , actually . gourmet ! what about you ?	my jobs is kind of odd . i work with skittles	 that sounds fun to me . what do you do in your free time ?	i like anime cartoons and sports . mainly baseball	 cool . any special talents ?	nothing besides being the skittle king , what about you ?	 haha , that is impressive enough ! hm . . . my pitch is perfect	wow , that is something i would like to see	 well , i would be happy to show you .	cool , sounds like fun to me
 do you like ufc ? i love ufc .	i am ! cerrone vs till play on the 21st !	 that is awesome . who is your favorite current fighter ?	probably gastelum . . . but no real favorite . . . i just love the experience .	 i agree . do you like professional wrestling too ?	i like wwe and mma . that count ?	 yes it does . i have been a really big fan of the miz lately .	woot woot ! he puts on quite the show . i started training in krav maga .	 my college offers classes in that . i would not know what to expect .	have you considered checking it out ? it rocks .	 i am not sure when i could fit it in . but i will think about it .	sweet . have you ever played mortal kombat ?	 yes i have but it have been a while . i was never good those games .	they are part of what inspired me to learn more . . . mileena was my favorite .	 i forget who that was . i think she wore a purple dress . i liked sonya .	she did ! you are right ! sonya was bada too .	 oh , and johnny cage . he was the man .	good times with good characters .
i will be on the next espn showing of nascar tonight !	that is awesome ! ! do you like to boat ? i make boats on the weekends .	 hey , i could use one actually . i go fishing sometimes too .	me too ! fishing is the best . what else do you do ?	 i run track and field when i find time . being an athlete and all	that is cool . i take my dog , bob , on runs , but i am not really an athlete	 you have a doggie ? my 4 daughters would love to play with him !	do they taste sweet ?	 wut ? my daughters ? that is kinky but i do not approve . lol	i have always wondered what kids would taste like . have you ?	 if i had to name my kids after food , i would pick different kinds of fish !	what kids of fish ?
we got 5 dogs adopted this weekend , just in time before my bands tour !	oh wow i love dogs what are their names ? ? ?	 phil , bean , lester , star , and angel . not mine , i just volunteered at the humane society and helped	my dog is named clark , like clark kent .	 haha does he fly ? i have always wanted to go skydiving to see what that is like .	no but one time i went on a glider with my cousin it was like flying	 that sounds righteous ! when my bro and i are not touring i am boring and garden .	my mom has a garden do you grow tomatoes ?	 oh yeah , love em . my bro gets annoyed i grow a lot in our apartment haha .	i do not like them except in ketchup but sometimes they are okay	 my bro does not either , but should not twins like all the same stuff ?	oh you are twins ? can you read each other minds ?	 read minds ? probably not . predict his next move ? totally	so like a super power !	 i wish ! can you imagine having real super powers ?	yes ! i do all the time ! i hope i get some one day
what are you up to today ?	i am well getting ready to get off work , i work a coffee house	 i do not have to work anymore , thank goodness	i am still in college at michigan state it pays the bills for now .	 i am an older woman , but i do get my exercise	you rich or something like that ?	 no i wish ! i could buy lots of toys for all my grandkids . all 8 of them	like broadway tunes ? i sing them all the time	 oh i do . they remind me of music back in the day	why can you not ? that is a lot of kids	 i do not work anymore , so i do not have the money to	what was it like ? you like dancing with stars ?	 musicals were a lot more common back then . and yes i do !	yes i must agree ! who is your fav ?	 lindsey stirling ! she is amazing	yes she is must watch it together 1 day
 hi want to get to know each other ?	sure i would love to do that	 tell me about yourself , what do you do ?	i play with model airplanes when i am bored .	 that is cool . i collect stuff i find at the beach	like seashells ? i love crab . but eating it with butter	 yes . i teach yoga on the beach , and comb before classes	you sound really great . do you like the band imagine dragons ?	 i like more mellow music	ah i do too whenever i go for my run . 6 miles a day	 that is so good for you . we can be friends	i absolutely would love that .	 do you have kids ? i have a little boy	no i do not . i wish i did though	 it is very rewarding that is for sure	what is your little boys name ?
 fun loving older gentleman enjoys meeting people .	great ! i have a lot of friends , no reason why you cannot be one of them .	 good ! do you go to bars or how do you spend your time ?	i work as a dj , but i am blind . i have to use a cane .	 cooking is my favorite pastime and i try for healthy meals .	sounds nice . even though i am blind , i drove a car once .	 wow ! and do you meet lots of women . ?	no , not really . i work indoors at a radio station .	 yep , not much chance to date there . not sure i would like that .	oh , i enjoy it . i have had a lot of laughs over the years .	 is your program a call in type , where you get a chance to talk to people .	not really . sometimes we have a give away that we will ask people to call in .	 okay . and what age group is your target advice	we have a wide variety of listeners from 20s to 40s , i would say .	 good section of people . . . driving home from work ?	no , i am not driving home . i cannot drive because i am blind . i take a taxi .
 what are you up to tonight ?	i am doing some work on my art . how about you ?	 great . listening to some lindsey stirling . she is out of this world	that is awesome . what kind of music does she play ? i love classical .	 she plays the violin . she is talented and gorgeous	i bet i would love to hear her . how inspiring .	 you should listen to her . do you like any foods ?	i love cake , any kind . how about you ?	 i am a huge lover of meatloaf , and coffee but only with alcohol in it	i have never had coffee with alcohol in it . what do you do for work ?	 nothing of any importance . what about you ?	i do some graphic design for a few places	 oh are you any good at it ?	i am glad i can do art for a living . i love to draw .	 do you smoke cigarettes ? i do when i am stressed	no , i have never smoked .
hi , i just finished listening to drake . what do like doing ?	how are you doing tonight	 i like messing around on the drums .	i like to play sport and baking	 i really like cooking too . going out to eat is also a fun thing .	it is so sad what happen in fl	 you mean with the hurricane ?	yes my son was with his dad in fl when it all happen	 did they get flooded at their place ?	no they were safe where they were	 that is good . a lot of people are going to have to clean up a long time .	yes very sad i feel so sorry for them	 i know . its going to be a long time . insurance is probably not even affordable anymore .	yep that is why i would never live on water	 i know what you mean . flooding is not something i like to deal with .	yep i lived in jacksonville fl where it was fl like 3 years ago
hello , do you like flowers or plants ?	hey , yes . i lived in alabama since a kid , full of pretty flowers	 that is good , i am from oklahoma where there are lots of birds	i do not love sweet home alabama song though hehe ! do you watch tv ?	 i am currently living in chicago , so yes , i do now	i like game of thrones so badly !	 i mostly watch the news and scandal	hehe ohhh . . . . . fun ! did you have any crazy experience as a kid ? ? ?	 yes , one time i almost died trying to swim with an alligator	i saw the easter bunny hiding behind my closet when i was a kid . . . . .	 did you ever try to see who the easter bunny was ?	wow , i am in australia . . full of crocodiles	 do you enjoy a lot of crocodiles , do you have one as a pet ?	no . . . i was terrified to look . . what is your name ?	 my name is jessica and i love reptiles	nah , i am not crazy ! just dogs
 hi there . i enjoy making cars for my living . what about you	i work in a call center , i love watching movies on sundays after a hard week .	 i enjoy watching tv too . its the best solution after working hard .	i agree , that and folk metal and my cat spark .	 and sitting on couch all day long ! does not beat it !	lol or sleeping on the couch	 true and having mac and cheese ? good right ?	love mac and cheese , oh and tacos . i love fish tacos .	 i make about 30k a year enough to pay my bills . what about you ?	less but i have roommates so it works .	 yeah that helps !	a lot , it would be hard on my own ;	 yes life is hard without any assistance	this is very true .
 hello , i love to go shopping on the weekends .	cool . can you say the alphabet backwards ? i can	 i have never tried . maybe if i concentrate really hard .	yes . you definitely can . my hair is red . i love it .	 i like red hair . i am female and i wear a 12 .	me too . i lost my job a month ago . i was a banker .	 i do not have a job , so currently i am planning a vacation to europe .	awesome ! i have danced there . since i was two years old .	 oh wow ! i attend dance lessons with my boyfriend .	cool . what kind of dance lessons ?	 salsa , it is really fun . what kind of dance do you do ?	i do all types . i love salsa dancing .	 next i want to sail . i have not stepped foot on a cruise ship yet .	sailing is fun . wait until the the wind blows . it is awesome !
 i wish i would be abducted by aliens	why do you say that ?	 i am just so depressed , looking at the stars helps	you should draw do you ?	 i try to draw lollipops or rainbows but i cant decide which .	just do both then no problem	 stop telling me how to live my life	i will do it more then	 you are worse than my gay husband and our adopted children	what do you like to eat ?	 everything i am trying to go pro but i am afraid of getting fat	you should be a pro pizza eater	 i can never choose between lollipops or rainbows when it comes to pizza toppings	those both sound disgusting really	 not as disgusting as cleaning up after my husband and children . . .	yeah you should tell them to quit it
 hi how are you tonight	i am good what about you ?	 i am good just glad too be off work	fun fact , miley cyrus is my neighbor .	 wow i watch her on tv	and i love everything barbecue , specially pizza and you ?	 i eat what is cheap because i do not make much	my favorite hobby is to talking to imaginary people , what about you ?	 just watching tv lol your is better	that is what i tell them but they do not talk back .	 that is good do they like macaroni	no only sandwiches like me , and we watch tom and jerry on tv .	 do you make more than 30 k a year i do not	no , me neither , i work at mall .
 hi ! what do you do for fun ?	hi ! i love to read and drive really fast .	 i like to ride my bike but probably no as fast as you drive .	i almost died once driving fast	 i imagine if you had an accident going to fast that would probably be easy to do .	but being really tall it s hard to fit in a sport car	 ahhh just take out the front seat and drive from the trunk or something	haha . what kind of car do you drive ?	 i . . love nature . therefore i do not have a car . just a bike	i see . i love to spend time with my family outside	 do you cook for your family outside ?	oh yes we love to grill out	 i love to cook too ! and confuse people by speaking in one of three random languages	that sounds like so much fun . what languages ?	 spanish , french and korean but certainly not english ; d	haha . i can imagine making a french korean fusion dish
 hello friend ! just got home from church	hi there just got home from work .	 i have been a christian for many years and love my church	that sounds very nice i enjoy to learn new things .	 i like to read stephen king books too	i like to read but i love to play video games	 i only play simple ones lol	i am very inquisitive so i play the hard ones	 i am usually too busy at work with my job as a vet tech love animals	i love animals too i was youngest kid so i could not have one	 www . i have a cat named radar	that is nice i am kind of a night bug i stay up late	 i have been known to be a night owl myself .	yeah i would rather stay up late then get up early in the day	 me too i totally understand	what kind of foods do you like
 hey , how are you this afternoon ?	i am good , how are you spending your afternoon ?	 finally got a day off from the hospital	i like to play guitar in my free time , what about you ?	 geez , with the kids , there is hardly any free time	i listen to music to clear my head , what music do you like if any ?	 i am a huge rolling stones fan . yourself ?	i am into worship music , sometimes i have it playing while i bike riding .	 interesting . what about food ? i love mexican food !	i am a vegan but i may be going back to regular eating , vegan is so limited ,	 i agree . one of the kids is venturing into veganism . you have any ?	i have four , one is all into skateboarding , yours ?	 one is doing the vegan , green earth thing . the other one is a jock	what a variety going on in your life ! that is awesome .
 i love cars . ferrari is one of my favorites	cool . i love soccer and dogs	 i watch all kinds of sports , do you play or watch	yes , i play soccer and football	 i exercise every day at the gym	you must be pretty healthy . my little sister is the same way	 wealth does have its privileges , but i watch mostly baseball	not a huge fan of baseball	 apps . should say basketball . my far	okay i watch a little basketball every now and then	 do you play at all	sometimes , when i take my dog to the park	 cool , i used to play got injured though	what happened to you ? hurt a leg or something ?	 broke an ankle . very painful	ouch ! just thinking about it hurts
 whew ! just got back from an awesome bike ride . whats up ?	hey that is good i do yoga its a love of mine .	 that is awesome . i started riding a lot around my 30th birthday . old girl , new tricks !	i love my grey yoga pants ha ! you single ? i am	 i am . . . if you are not counting my 3 dogs and 2 cats ! ha !	cool , i like to write i work at a newspaper .	 very cool . i am all about animals . i am a veterinarian by trade !	that is cool i am passionate about writing .	 what are your other hobbies ?	an of course my yoga ha !	 oh yes ! i want to try yoga with my pets soon . i have heard it is relaxing !	what are yours ? if any ?	 mainly cycling and spending time with my cats and dogs .	yes it is must come with me	 i will take you up on that .	gotta get out an mingle its so fun .
 hello ! so good to hear from you ! how are you ? having fun ?	i got 2 pets and children	 oh , wonderful ! i would love to get together with you and all our friends !	oh that is so nice of you	 be prepared for lots of food . i like large meals !	i am always home so i can do that	 oh , we can meet at your house ? there is not much room in my dorm .	inam always at the natures and with my kids	 i love nature . i swim in the lake and in the ocean whenever i can .	while my hubby is working we do that	 i try to get a workout in everyday . i eat so much bacon , you see .	wow , that would really require a work out	 i eat large amounts of bacon .	is that your diet taht you follow	 oh no . i just find a lot of friends this way . i love friends !	wow that is great and you are awe
 hello do you need a mechanic ?	no , i work as a barista and make jewelry during my spare time .	 sweet i will be going to college soon	nice . i assume you read then and my favorite read is the bible .	 i have to read , i have 3 months before i go	however , i am shacked up with my boyfriend in an apartment , lol	 how do you feel about vegans ? i am one	they are fine . i like to go to craft shows to sell my jewelry on the weekends .	 have you heard of the brand muse ?	yes , love it . great band .	 my father listens to them while doing his mechanical duties	your father sounds like an interesting man .	 vegan , mechanic , not so interesting to me	i thought you were also vegan ?	 yes i am . i guess he introduced me to in	well , he likes muse . that was the interesting part i guess .
hi . hows . . . hows it going . . . . ?	i am great . where are you from my man ?	 i would tell you . . . but i am afraid of what my dad might do . . .	why ? ? he sounds crazy . are you ok ? my dad is a cop and could help .	 he is just . . . . strict . is that what you want to be too ?	not really . right now i drive a truck for a living . what do you do ?	 i am still in high school . i wish i had a job . . we have no money	oh that sucks . do not worry , you will have a job soon . where you from though ?	 southern kentucky . born and raised .	nice , virginia here . do you have any hobbies ?	 i only got one friend . . we like to throw rocks off the jetty	oh man , do you ever drive ? maybe i can teach you to drive stick . it is fun	 hot damn ! i would love that ! you a racer or something ? ?	truck driver buddy , i told you ! open your ears ! but what do you say ?
 good day , how are you ?	great ! just got a new piercing ! in my navel ! that makes 10 altogether now .	 10 ? i do not have any piercings , i am too lean for that .	got them with the help of my friends they are my lifeline .	 being an olympian makes it difficult to meet people because i travel often . what about you ?	just getting over being a pack a day smoker . driving endlessness takes the mind off .	 yeah , i prefer to work out when i am stressed . do you exercise ?	i should . with all the pasta i eat i need it . i admire people who are fit .	 i admire people who just go for it and live their lives freely .	we could get together and be the perfect person !	 right ! would not that be fun !	are you in australia ? they say good day down there .
 hi , i am a lover of	i hope dogs . . . cause i have 3 ! ! ! i named mine maddie	 i am not a pet person bu prefer good music	cool , i live in florida . i listen to music on the beach	 who is your favorite singer . lady gaga does it for me	taylor swift speaks loudly to me right now	 i work in a retail shop .	i am still in school , i love science , its my favorite	 thetis good . i love concerts and attend many of them every year	do you make bank ? i want a high paying job	 no but business is a good idea	i am only 15 , so i think retail would be good for me	 yes but you may change your mind as you advanced education	i want to study to be a marine biologist
 hi there . just listening to micheal jackson thriller . . . what are you up to ?	yo wassup ? i have been obsessed with got . are you familiar ?	 a little . i am more into ghosts and supernatural stuff ? what else do you like ?	i read a lot . harry potter series , and got mostly .	 i help plan weddings . people are actually asking about the got wedding .	lol , that is cool . are you familiar with the red wedding in got ?	 i know it . but i think it is the earlier nice one .	at most got weddings someone gets killed , lol . but not all .	 yeah ? i guess i have not seen enough . but people do like the ethos .	did you ever watch walking dead ?	 i did see a bit of that . weddings on that show ?	one wedding i think . glen and the farmers daughter got married .	 oh well maybe i should expect some requests about that to .	not really . that wedding was several seasons ago . do not worry !	 oh ok . which season ?	i am not sure . perhaps season 3 or 4 . do you know the character glen ?
 hello , how are you doing today ?	not much , just spending time with the fam . you ?	 just watching some movies on tv .	what movie ? i am exhausted . we all went mountain climbing this morning .	 twister , its kind of an older movie . nice that sounds like fun .	oh i love that movie . it would be fun to chase tornadoes	 definitely , i like the outdoors too . i spend alot of time hunting .	my dad used to take me hunting . one day i wanna take my 2 girls	 same ! my daughters are too young to go hunting .	mine are too , for now . what do ya do for a living ?	 in between jobs right now , what do you do ?	i am a stay at home mom . but hubby works for telecom
