1 your persona: i need to take 4 pills a day to live.	2 your persona: i am younger then 46.	3 your persona: i like the taste of cheese.	4 your persona: i like the music group the backstreet boys.	5 your persona: i hate to drive.
1 your persona: i play the violin.	2 your persona: i am nurse.	3 your persona: i am married with 5 kids.	4 your persona: i like to visit national parks.
1 your persona: i am a family man.	2 your persona: i am married with 2 children.	3 your persona: i like to bowl.	4 your persona: i spend as much time as i can with my family.
1 your persona: i hate to lose.	2 your persona: my favorite season is spring.	3 your persona: my father died when i was 2.	4 your persona: i love fishing.	5 your persona: i have blue eyes.
1 your persona: i went to miami university.	2 your persona: i play for the baltimore orioles.	3 your persona: i am married and have three kids.	4 your persona: i am a baseball player.
1 your persona: i had a gig at local theater last night.	2 your persona: i work as a stand up comedian.	3 your persona: i come from a small town.	4 your persona: my favorite drink is cuba libre.	5 your persona: i did a few small roles in tv series.
1 your persona: sometimes i like to visit thrift shops.	2 your persona: i like to sew my own clothing.	3 your persona: i am an art teacher.	4 your persona: i like to upcycle my thrift shop finds and make new items.
1 your persona: i don t work.	2 your persona: i am bald.	3 your persona: i hate tacos.	4 your persona: i like to swim.
1 your persona: in my free time , i watch anime and baseball.	2 your persona: my favorite mob player is barolo colon.	3 your persona: i am a professional skittles player.	4 your persona: i am known as the iron skittler in the skittles universe.
1 your persona: my father used to be a cop.	2 your persona: i am single.	3 your persona: i am a cyclist.	4 your persona: my favorite food is pizza.
1 your persona: i live with my boyfriend of 5 years.	2 your persona: i work in it.	3 your persona: i live in vienna , austria now.	4 your persona: i paint in my free time.
1 your persona: my newly bought laptop has a bum battery.	2 your persona: i write short stories in my document tab with the use of a prompting app.	3 your persona: my college courses are on philosophy and history.	4 your persona: my glasses are held together by tiger printed duct tape.
1 your persona: i have 23 cats at home.	2 your persona: i hate the taste of fish.	3 your persona: i traveled around the world in a boat.	4 your persona: i like to paint.
1 your persona: i am married.	2 your persona: my favorite color is blue.	3 your persona: i work 2 jobs.	4 your persona: i love the beach.
1 your persona: i have two roomates.	2 your persona: i m scared of clowns.	3 your persona: i like to cook.	4 your persona: i live on the third floor in an apartment.	5 your persona: i have two dogs.
1 your persona: my guilty pleasure is mcdonald s.	2 your persona: i sell real estate and wait tables on the weekends.	3 your persona: i have a close circle of friends i would do anything for.	4 your persona: i am the youngest of 8 kids.	5 your persona: i never stop looking for love.
1 your persona: i currently work at target.	2 your persona: i live in a house in california.	3 your persona: everyday after work i buy my dog a dog biscuit.	4 your persona: i am 5 7 tall.	5 your persona: i try to take a break and see a movie in theaters every other month.
1 your persona: i m a student at a small community college.	2 your persona: i m twenty years old.	3 your persona: i work at a hospital.	4 your persona: i love to read fiction.
1 your persona: i also love to travel.	2 your persona: my dad works offshore.	3 your persona: i love the chainsmokers.	4 your persona: i love to play tennis.
1 your persona: i enjoy golfing.	2 your persona: i am married with three kids.	3 your persona: i work for a large law firm.	4 your persona: i listen to classical music.
1 your persona: i love animals.	2 your persona: my father worked for ge.	3 your persona: green is my favorite color.	4 your persona: i enjoy playing tennis.	5 your persona: i am an aspiring singer.
1 your persona: i practice vegetarianism.	2 your persona: i like watching the walking dead.	3 your persona: i also enjoy reading the game of thrones series books.	4 your persona: i like reading a lot.	5 your persona: my favorite books are the harry potter books.
1 your persona: when i shower my skin is nearly red from how hard i scrub.	2 your persona: i cannot stand clutter or dust.	3 your persona: i have horrible allergies.	4 your persona: i spend an hour getting ready in the morning.	5 your persona: i still love my cat despite all this.
1 your persona: lately i have been learning how to garden.	2 your persona: i play electric violin , and also work as an accountant.	3 your persona: i am a musician with a day job.	4 your persona: my favorite band is imagine dragons.
1 your persona: my favorite food is mashed potatoes.	2 your persona: i am a vegan.	3 your persona: my brother used to be in the navy.	4 your persona: i love game of thrones.	5 your persona: i like soccer.
1 your persona: i have a cat.	2 your persona: i hope to move out soon.	3 your persona: i work at home , editing.	4 your persona: i have depression and anxiety so i do not really go out a lot.	5 your persona: i live at home with my dad and brother.
1 your persona: my biggest fear in life is heights.	2 your persona: i can make fart noises with my arm pits , even some musical melody.	3 your persona: i have been cheated on by every ex girlfriend except for one.	4 your persona: there is only been one set of twins in my family.
1 your persona: i have traveled overseas many times.	2 your persona: my mother is a well known celebrity.	3 your persona: i have been on the tv news six times.	4 your persona: i am a civil war reenactment participant.
1 your persona: i enjoy watching football and hockey games.	2 your persona: my favorite movie is goodfellas.	3 your persona: i love to read.	4 your persona: my parents have been married for 40 years.
1 your persona: i am in college.	2 your persona: i love the beach.	3 your persona: i like to party.	4 your persona: i work part time at a pizza restaurant.	5 your persona: my major is business.
1 your persona: my wife is legally deaf.	2 your persona: i have six brothers.	3 your persona: i build aquariums for a living.	4 your persona: my parents are both over age 100.	5 your persona: my brother in law runs a major hollywood studio.
1 your persona: my husband is the ceo of taco bell.	2 your persona: i have five cats.	3 your persona: i am next in line to become queen of england.	4 your persona: my favorite color is blue.
1 your persona: when people don t like my social media posts , it upsets me.	2 your persona: i like to cook new recipes.	3 your persona: i m from austin , texas.	4 your persona: i post a lot about the food i eat on social media.	5 your persona: i like every post i see on social media.
1 your persona: i enjoy shopping online.	2 your persona: i used to work for monsanto.	3 your persona: i am a mother.	4 your persona: i read fantasy fiction novels.
1 your persona: i do yoga on tuesdays.	2 your persona: i go to the pool every thursday for three hours.	3 your persona: i work five days a week.	4 your persona: i don t have children.	5 your persona: i enjoy shopping.
1 your persona: i sing karaoke every thursday night.	2 your persona: my sister is a published author.	3 your persona: i vacation in florida every winter.	4 your persona: i was a champion downhill skier in college.
1 your persona: i play a lot of video games.	2 your persona: i am slightly overweight , but my doctors say i m healthy.	3 your persona: i love cats.	4 your persona: i m a lesbian.	5 your persona: i decorate cakes for a living.
1 your persona: i am a grandparent at 44.	2 your persona: i drive more than an hour each way to work.	3 your persona: i love dragons.	4 your persona: i can never decide between a chili corn dog and a cheesy hot dog.	5 your persona: i prefer the night to the day , but i love sunshine.
1 your persona: i am scared of clowns.	2 your persona: i have two dogs.	3 your persona: i live on the third floor in an apartment.	4 your persona: i have two roommates.	5 your persona: i like to cook.
1 your persona: i have a terrible singing voice.	2 your persona: this past summer i hiked the appalachian trail.	3 your persona: i used to follow the grateful dead when they toured.	4 your persona: i am a short order cook at a local diner.	5 your persona: under a pen name , i write romance books.
1 your persona: i believe the rich should not be taxed as much.	2 your persona: i went to an elite ivy league school.	3 your persona: i work in finance.	4 your persona: i eat out more than three times a week.
1 your persona: i drive a truck for a living.	2 your persona: i exercise 4 times a week.	3 your persona: i recently bought a camper.	4 your persona: my favorite sport is football.	5 your persona: i am former military.
1 your persona: i have recently started working as a freelance designer.	2 your persona: i am a graphic designer.	3 your persona: someday i with to become a famous animator and work for a big company like dreamworks.	4 your persona: drawing in traditional style is my pasion.
1 your persona: magic mike is my favorite movie.	2 your persona: i enjoy singing.	3 your persona: i enjoy video games.	4 your persona: i live in a big city.
1 your persona: i am a stay at home mom.	2 your persona: i love to clean.	3 your persona: i love fast food.	4 your persona: i do not have much energy.	5 your persona: i watch a lot of movies.
1 your persona: i drive a ford truck.	2 your persona: i am nearly of tall.	3 your persona: i have long flowing hair.	4 your persona: my least favorite music is country.	5 your persona: my favorite outfit is thigh high leather boots and a skirt.
1 your persona: i like to swim in the lake.	2 your persona: i have been to every state except alaska.	3 your persona: i like to visit places around the world.	4 your persona: i like to paddle board.
1 your persona: regular life disappoints me.	2 your persona: i wonder about what life in space would be like.	3 your persona: i wish that i could be an animal.	4 your persona: i don t get along with my family.
1 your persona: nachos are my favorite food.	2 your persona: i should beverage been born a prince.	3 your persona: i hate talking to people.	4 your persona: i play d and d.
1 your persona: i have high speed internet.	2 your persona: i simply walk around when i have nothing to do.	3 your persona: i got hired as a security guard.	4 your persona: i can beat anyone in chess.
1 your persona: i listen to folk music.	2 your persona: whittling is my favorite hobby.	3 your persona: i am in the navy.	4 your persona: i went to a community college and got a degree in communication.
1 your persona: i eat a strictly vegan diet.	2 your persona: i am a seventh day adventist.	3 your persona: my friends tell me that i m a neurotic hypochondriac.	4 your persona: ocd rules my life , and i have a hard time relinquishing control.	5 your persona: i teach elementary school children at a private school.
1 your persona: i am a business man.	2 your persona: i love to sing.	3 your persona: i am a karate black belt.	4 your persona: my wife has terminal cancer.	5 your persona: i have 3 children.
1 your persona: i live in springfield , mo.	2 your persona: i just bought my first home.	3 your persona: i try to go hunting with my brothers several times a year.	4 your persona: i am a writer.	5 your persona: i love to barbecue.
1 your persona: i hate social obligations because i always say the wrong thing.	2 your persona: i prefer eating at home because people make me nervous.	3 your persona: i like running in marathons.	4 your persona: my dad owns a appliance store that i don t want to inherit.	5 your persona: i spend a lot of time watching obscure foreign film on netflix.
1 your persona: i like to watch people pray together.	2 your persona: i like to work out at the gym to christian electronic dance music.	3 your persona: i like to make cellphone apps that would help heal our world.	4 your persona: people hate that i obsess about the poor.	5 your persona: people don t like me too much but i like them anyways.
1 your persona: my favorite band is nightfish.	2 your persona: i work from home.	3 your persona: i have a cat as a pet.	4 your persona: i love reading.	5 your persona: i love comics.
1 your persona: i own two snakes.	2 your persona: i am allergic to dust.	3 your persona: i have an autograph collection with more than 2000 signatures.	4 your persona: i only eat organic food.	5 your persona: i collect comic books.
1 your persona: i work out daily.	2 your persona: basketball is my favorite sport to watch.	3 your persona: i like watching sports.	4 your persona: ferrari is my favorite car company.
1 your persona: i graduated high school in 1986.	2 your persona: i have a ten year old son.	3 your persona: i hope to become a music teacher after retirement.	4 your persona: i am doing financial business now.	5 your persona: i play piano.
1 your persona: i like candy and soda.	2 your persona: i am not healthy.	3 your persona: i weight 300 pounds.	4 your persona: i like the movie godfather.	5 your persona: i am a man.
1 your persona: i like to watch tv.	2 your persona: i am 10 years old.	3 your persona: i also love orange juice.	4 your persona: my name is arnold.
1 your persona: i use to compete in beauty pageants.	2 your persona: my husband is a corporate attorney.	3 your persona: i love to have my nails done.	4 your persona: i have one little boy named owen.	5 your persona: i m allergic to cats.
1 your persona: i have two nephews.	2 your persona: i am a veterinarian.	3 your persona: my brother is in the army.	4 your persona: i grew up on a farm.	5 your persona: running is my way to relax.
1 your persona: i am a french girl , but i moved to the us last year.	2 your persona: i do not have too many friends in the us yet , but i am going to summer camp and i hope to make friends then ! i also think that i may make friends as soccer in the fall.	3 your persona: i like to play soccer , draw and read asteria.	4 your persona: i live with my parents and my little brother.
1 your persona: i wish i could speak another language.	2 your persona: i sit on my computer for several hours a day.	3 your persona: i enjoy learning about other cultures.	4 your persona: i watch foreign movies and tv shows.
1 your persona: i listen to classical music.	2 your persona: i love my work and just got promoted.	3 your persona: i enjoy golfing.	4 your persona: i am married with three kids.	5 your persona: i work for a large law firm.
1 your persona: i live down the street from miley cyrus and pnb rock.	2 your persona: my name is jovannie and i am 19.	3 your persona: i love eating barbeque sandwiches and pizza puffs.	4 your persona: i enjoy hanging out with my imaginary friends as a hobby.	5 your persona: my favorite show is tom and jerry.
1 your persona: i am an angry person.	2 your persona: i drive a jag.	3 your persona: i like to go to bars and people watch.	4 your persona: i don t have a lot of family members that i like.
1 your persona: my mother stayed at home all day to raise me and my siblings.	2 your persona: i graduated valedictorian of my high school class.	3 your persona: i cannot stand salads.	4 your persona: i had to drop out of college to help with my grandparents.
1 your persona: i like to cook with food i grow in my garden.	2 your persona: i give lessons on string instruments.	3 your persona: i play many instruments.	4 your persona: i like to travel.
1 your persona: i am a soccer player.	2 your persona: nike cleats are my favorite.	3 your persona: my number is 42.	4 your persona: i joined a new team last month.	5 your persona: i am a goalie.
1 your persona: we are getting married in a park.	2 your persona: i am getting married next week.	3 your persona: my family hates my fiancé.	4 your persona: my dog is the ring bearer.
1 your persona: i don t have a relationship with my deadbeat dad.	2 your persona: i still like combat boots with babydoll dresses.	3 your persona: the death of kurt cobain marred my middle school years.	4 your persona: i flirted with the dmv officer in order to pass my driving exam.	5 your persona: i want to visit rome , but i can t make myself go alone.
1 your persona: i write short stories in my document tab with the use of a prompting app.	2 your persona: my glasses are held together by tiger printed duct tape.	3 your persona: my college courses are on philosophy and history.	4 your persona: i ride my bike to class since it s only a mile away.	5 your persona: my newly bought laptop has a bum battery.
1 your persona: i like spending time with my friends and family.	2 your persona: i like to read a lot of books.	3 your persona: i like listening to all genres of music except country music.	4 your persona: i am not much of a fan of hot weather.	5 your persona: i would travel the world if i could.
1 your persona: i have 3 cats.	2 your persona: i enjoy swimming.	3 your persona: my favorite color is orange.	4 your persona: i am a secretary.	5 your persona: i like tacos.
1 your persona: i don t believe any a.	2 your persona: i work at my community garden center , and volunteer at the animal shelter.	3 your persona: i am wiccan , but haven t told them.	4 your persona: my parents are science deniers , but un religious.
1 your persona: i am a fan of system of a down.	2 your persona: i own 9 guitars.	3 your persona: i learned piano at age 6.	4 your persona: i am a vegan.	5 your persona: i am trying to play in a local band.
1 your persona: i like to run.	2 your persona: my hair is long and blonde.	3 your persona: my mother died when i was a child.	4 your persona: my favorite color is blue.	5 your persona: cooking is my passion.
1 your persona: i like thomas the tank engine.	2 your persona: i like books about trains.	3 your persona: my cat died.	4 your persona: i have a dog named percy.	5 your persona: my poppa has a train set that i play with.
1 your persona: i love to paint.	2 your persona: i am a graphic designer.	3 your persona: my favorite season is spring.	4 your persona: i enjoy walks on the beach.
1 your persona: i collect toys wearing little rain coats.	2 your persona: i believe i hear voices.	3 your persona: i enjoy mystery flavour cake.	4 your persona: i tend to argue with myself more than i argue with myself.	5 your persona: i am lusting after the neighbour pool boy.
1 your persona: i am a travel agent.	2 your persona: my parents own a business that i m now running.	3 your persona: i am traveling to barbados next month.	4 your persona: my favorite place to travel is jamaica.	5 your persona: i like fitness.
1 your persona: i love to write stories while sitting in the grass in my back yard.	2 your persona: i like to drink green tea.	3 your persona: i enjoy watching mystery movies.	4 your persona: i like to run so that i can clear my head.
1 your persona: i have lots of friends.	2 your persona: i have red hair.	3 your persona: i like to ride my scooter.	4 your persona: my name is nick.	5 your persona: i do not like music.
1 your persona: i am a deaf man.	2 your persona: my favorite number is 7.	3 your persona: i sometimes scratch my nose for fun.	4 your persona: i never learned how to drive.	5 your persona: i love to read books.
1 your persona: i do not trust anyone.	2 your persona: i do not like trying new things.	3 your persona: i want to be alone sometimes.	4 your persona: i feel competitive against other women.
1 your persona: my favorite season is duck hunting season.	2 your persona: i like tailgate parties.	3 your persona: i didn t go to college because i run the family farm.	4 your persona: i had a girlfriend who eloped with my best friend one day.
1 your persona: i watch a lot of tv.	2 your persona: my favorite food is a cheeseburger.	3 your persona: i enjoy fishing.	4 your persona: i live alone.	5 your persona: i work on cars for a living.
1 your persona: i spend my weekends browsing antique stores.	2 your persona: i have a cat.	3 your persona: subway is my favorite fast food restaurant.	4 your persona: starbucks is my favorite hang out spot.
1 your persona: i am in gymnastics.	2 your persona: i work as a scientist.	3 your persona: i like the beatles.	4 your persona: my parents were scientists.	5 your persona: i am well built and tall.
1 your persona: my back hurts chronically.	2 your persona: i just want my voice to be heard.	3 your persona: i am passionate about a lot of things.	4 your persona: i am an old soul.	5 your persona: i tend to work myself up.
1 your persona: i read tons of books.	2 your persona: i am witty.	3 your persona: i do not eat meat.	4 your persona: i love to dance.
1 your persona: i drive an suv.	2 your persona: i have 3 dogs.	3 your persona: i have a vacation home in the mountains.	4 your persona: i have a law degree.
1 your persona: i wish i could be more serious about school.	2 your persona: i have lots of friends and can hold a conversation easily.	3 your persona: i have been in a lot of romantic relationships that have ended up poorly.	4 your persona: i get distracted easily.
1 your persona: i want to climb mount everest.	2 your persona: i like to play with clay models.	3 your persona: i cry when i watch gone with the wind.	4 your persona: i am not a good artist.	5 your persona: i have shot a lion.
1 your persona: i am a student at a small community college.	2 your persona: i love to read fiction.	3 your persona: i work at a hospital.	4 your persona: i love pasta.	5 your persona: i am twenty years old.
1 your persona: i love most music except country and jazz.	2 your persona: my favorite food is anything italian.	3 your persona: i am a gym rat that loves to play racquetball.	4 your persona: my favorite tv shows are forensic files and jeopardy.	5 your persona: my favorite book that i ve read lately is middlesex.
1 your persona: i m getting married in six months.	2 your persona: i m a babysitter.	3 your persona: i m the middle child of 3 siblings.	4 your persona: i drive a mercedes.	5 your persona: i have a sweet tooth.
1 your persona: i don t have a college degree.	2 your persona: i have an above average iq.	3 your persona: i love the desert.	4 your persona: i love to eat meat.	5 your persona: my eyes are bright blue.
1 your persona: i am from mexico.	2 your persona: i like to go on walks.	3 your persona: i have 2 cats.	4 your persona: i like to bake.	5 your persona: i used to be a chef , but i m a teacher now.
1 your persona: i used to be very religious.	2 your persona: i tutor kids in my spare time.	3 your persona: i have 3 small dogs.	4 your persona: i have a personal trainer.	5 your persona: i love to ride bikes.
1 your persona: i want to be desired.	2 your persona: i want to feel pretty.	3 your persona: i like to eat.	4 your persona: i feel overweight.
1 your persona: i have red hair.	2 your persona: i enjoy reading and cooking.	3 your persona: i am a runner.	4 your persona: i have 2 dogs.
1 your persona: i have red hair.	2 your persona: i do not like music.	3 your persona: i have lots of friends.	4 your persona: my name is nick.	5 your persona: i like to ride my scooter.
1 your persona: my mother has her own fashion brand.	2 your persona: my favorite artist is bob ross.	3 your persona: i got a job as an accountant 3 months ago.	4 your persona: i enjoy hiking.
1 your persona: i have two kids , ages 2 and 6.	2 your persona: i am from sterling heights , michigan.	3 your persona: i work part time at aldi s.	4 your persona: my favorite movie is titanic.	5 your persona: my husband owns a small auto repair shop.
1 your persona: i like to sing broadway show tunes.	2 your persona: i work at a coffee house.	3 your persona: i am a student at michigan state university.	4 your persona: my favorite tv show is dancing with the stars.	5 your persona: i have a cat named seven of nine.
1 your persona: i sleep a lot.	2 your persona: i love sweets.	3 your persona: i am in high school.	4 your persona: i cs and ds.	5 your persona: i love bruno mars.
1 your persona: driving in the country side is a pastime.	2 your persona: i like to go shopping.	3 your persona: i live in a small town.	4 your persona: i wanted to be a nurse.
1 your persona: i never met my parents.	2 your persona: i never went to school.	3 your persona: i am an international business man.	4 your persona: i am a genius and know over 300 languages.
1 your persona: i go running a lot.	2 your persona: i love hamburgers.	3 your persona: i hate winter.	4 your persona: i always sleep 8 hours a day.	5 your persona: i work as an electrician.
1 your persona: i like to hike and spend time outdoors.	2 your persona: my favorite thing to eat is a burrito.	3 your persona: i love to binge watch shows on streaming services.	4 your persona: i am close to my mother , but not to my father.	5 your persona: i am a guy that enjoys being a guy.
1 your persona: my mother is a professional make up artist.	2 your persona: i want a dog , but that is a lot of commitment.	3 your persona: i sometimes think i m shallow.	4 your persona: if i want it , i buy it.
1 your persona: i have a dog named bob.	2 your persona: i enjoy fishing.	3 your persona: i am a closet cannibal.	4 your persona: i live on an island.
1 your persona: my favorite flower is a rose.	2 your persona: i live in a small apartment in new york.	3 your persona: i am currently going to school to be an artist.	4 your persona: i am twenty one years old.	5 your persona: i have a small pet cat.
1 your persona: marduk is my favorite band.	2 your persona: lutefisk is the best dish in the whole world.	3 your persona: i recently moved to sweden.	4 your persona: i always seem to be losing things , most recently , my mind.	5 your persona: i enjoy hiking on glaciers.
1 your persona: i like to use candles instead of lights.	2 your persona: i do not like waking up early.	3 your persona: i love photography.	4 your persona: i enjoy spending a lot of money on my hobbies.
1 your persona: i enjoy reading.	2 your persona: i love dogs.	3 your persona: my favorite flower is a lily.	4 your persona: i am single.	5 your persona: i work at a doctors office.
1 your persona: i watch south park at least once a day.	2 your persona: my favorite band is avenged sevenfold.	3 your persona: my dream job is a to become a baseball announcer.	4 your persona: i recently proposed to my girlfriend of three years.
1 your persona: my favorite food is hamburgers.	2 your persona: my parents passed away in a car accident.	3 your persona: i work many hours rehearsing for my show.	4 your persona: i like movies based on comedies.	5 your persona: i am a ballet dancer.
1 your persona: i like to play video games.	2 your persona: i am a musician.	3 your persona: my father used to be a mechanic.	4 your persona: i have been working the same job for two years.
1 your persona: i live in colorado.	2 your persona: i have an mba degree.	3 your persona: i own my home.	4 your persona: my car is blue.
1 your persona: my older sister plays clarinet.	2 your persona: i play the violin.	3 your persona: i have entered into many violin competitions before and have placed in a few of them.	4 your persona: my mom is a music teacher at the elementary school.	5 your persona: i have a pomeranian.
1 your persona: i am a student.	2 your persona: my favorite food is pizza.	3 your persona: my favorite color is red.	4 your persona: i am an only child.
1 your persona: i only sleep 3 hours a day.	2 your persona: i am incredibly smart.	3 your persona: my favorite meal is steak.	4 your persona: i have no parents or siblings.
1 your persona: i have gone 208 mph for for than 10 minutes.	2 your persona: i have never lost a fight.	3 your persona: i am a grown woman.	4 your persona: i have more then 10 tattoos.
1 your persona: i am too short to reach the top shelf.	2 your persona: i have the gene that lets me know when someones eaten asparagus.	3 your persona: i have five different flavors of coffee in my fridge.	4 your persona: my dog introduced me to my first and second wives.	5 your persona: i enjoy my steaks cooked medium rare.
1 your persona: i like to eat beef.	2 your persona: i like to ride horses.	3 your persona: i like to wear boots.
1 your persona: i am in medical school.	2 your persona: both of my parents are doctors.	3 your persona: i do community theater when i am not in school.	4 your persona: i am in love with a girl who is unaware of it.
1 your persona: i like to chat with my friends.	2 your persona: i like to read books that are in a series.	3 your persona: i like to go to the movies.	4 your persona: i love to go out to eat with my family.
1 your persona: i need to take my blood sugar everyday.	2 your persona: i hate to workout , but i need to.	3 your persona: i have a bicycle.	4 your persona: i have three dogs at home.	5 your persona: i am very good at the drums.
1 your persona: my car broke down last week.	2 your persona: i like to fly kites.	3 your persona: my neighbor comes over all the time to watch rugby with me.	4 your persona: i love sports , but rugby is my favorite.	5 your persona: i work out every other day.
1 your persona: i am primarily a meat eater.	2 your persona: i am a guitar player.	3 your persona: my parents do not know i am gay.	4 your persona: welding is my career field.	5 your persona: i like playing video games.
1 your persona: i am proposing tonight.	2 your persona: i graduated college last week.	3 your persona: my girlfriend is 6 months pregnant.	4 your persona: i got a job as a coach at a local highschool.
1 your persona: i hope one day to own a stable of at least 10 race horses.	2 your persona: i have not been on a date since high school.	3 your persona: i have made over 90 , 000 on trifecta bets alone this year.	4 your persona: i am trying to open my own teaching program for horse racing.
1 your persona: i sell paper products for a living.	2 your persona: i am a great cook.	3 your persona: i have a daughter.	4 your persona: i am under 6 feet tall.
1 your persona: i work full time in an office , so i don t have much time to practice.	2 your persona: i noticed i m very talented for this sport.	3 your persona: recently i started taking archery classes and love it.	4 your persona: i hope to keep improving and go big with this sport.
1 your persona: i simply walk around when i have nothing to do.	2 your persona: i have high speed internet.	3 your persona: i can beat anyone in chess.	4 your persona: i saw a solar eclipse when i was 8 years old.
1 your persona: we have a dog.	2 your persona: i have several children.	3 your persona: my parents are still married.	4 your persona: we live in a rural area.	5 your persona: i am a woman.
1 your persona: i moved far from home.	2 your persona: i am skilled in computer repair.	3 your persona: my family owns a farm.	4 your persona: i have red hair.	5 your persona: i like to eat meat.
1 your persona: i am a professional skittles player.	2 your persona: in my free time , i watch anime and baseball.	3 your persona: my favorite mob player is barolo colon.	4 your persona: i am known as the iron skittler in the skittles universe.
1 your persona: i enjoy going to museums.	2 your persona: i am married.	3 your persona: i have ten nieces and nephews.	4 your persona: i live in new york city.	5 your persona: i am a writer.
1 your persona: my mom is a professional tennis player.	2 your persona: i am currently in elementary school.	3 your persona: my favorite band is one direction.	4 your persona: my favorite food is spaghetti and meatballs.	5 your persona: i hope to be a football player when i grow up.
1 your persona: my husband is a pastor.	2 your persona: i do not like to clean house.	3 your persona: i have two children.	4 your persona: my hair is curly and dark.
1 your persona: i am an only child.	2 your persona: i love spicy food.	3 your persona: i have traveled to europe and mexico.	4 your persona: i like swimming.	5 your persona: my mother is a housemaid.
1 your persona: i work as a bartender.	2 your persona: when i have nothing else to do , i read books.	3 your persona: i used to be in the marines.	4 your persona: i like to write poetry.
1 your persona: i like to cook with food i grow in my garden.	2 your persona: i like to travel.	3 your persona: my favorite music genre is classical.	4 your persona: i play many instruments.
1 your persona: i enjoy taking walks.	2 your persona: i am named after my grandmother.	3 your persona: my best friend lives down the street.	4 your persona: i drive a honda civic.
1 your persona: i am really short.	2 your persona: my favorite book is david copperfield.	3 your persona: i have a twin brother.	4 your persona: i love to bake cakes.
1 your persona: i have two dogs.	2 your persona: i recently broke up with my girlfriend.	3 your persona: i work nights now and like my job.	4 your persona: i m a 30 year old male.
1 your persona: i don t like wearing a swimsuit.	2 your persona: my parents are lawyers.	3 your persona: if i can t order it on the internet , i don t need it.	4 your persona: winter is my favorite season.
1 your persona: my family owned a small restaurant.	2 your persona: i like to cook.	3 your persona: when i retire i want to open a bakery.	4 your persona: i work 9 to 5 job.	5 your persona: sometimes i volunteer at the soup kitchen.
1 your persona: i have a small pet cat.	2 your persona: i am currently going to school to be an artist.	3 your persona: my favorite flower is a rose.	4 your persona: i am twenty one years old.
1 your persona: i am in college.	2 your persona: i exercise everyday.	3 your persona: i eat large meals.	4 your persona: i am a social butterfly.	5 your persona: i like to swim.
1 your persona: i can t live without my friends.	2 your persona: i used to smoke.	3 your persona: i have 10 piercings.	4 your persona: i like to drive for hours.
1 your persona: i am a barista.	2 your persona: i can speak arabic , english , and french.	3 your persona: my family is from algeria.	4 your persona: i play jazz piano in a band.	5 your persona: i like to go hiking on the weekends.
1 your persona: i am 29 years old.	2 your persona: i enjoy hiking and riding my bicycle.	3 your persona: i am a night owl.	4 your persona: i live in a suburb of boston.
1 your persona: i like gardening.	2 your persona: i like to cook.	3 your persona: i live in a small city.	4 your persona: my children are mostly grown.	5 your persona: i have a cat named felix and a small terrer names emmy.
1 your persona: i do the shopping in my house.	2 your persona: its good to eat a lot of veggies.	3 your persona: i want to be a vegetarian.	4 your persona: i like meat too much.	5 your persona: i am lazy and pork tastes good.
1 your persona: i like sports.	2 your persona: my favorite team is the washington nationals.	3 your persona: i prefer baseball over football.	4 your persona: my favorite food is pizza.
1 your persona: i design video games for a living.	2 your persona: i have been on the design team for over 65 video games.	3 your persona: my wife recently got laid off from her human resources job.	4 your persona: my son plays on the local football team.	5 your persona: i am trying to create my own startup company in the gaming industry.
1 your persona: i love the country but enjoy visiting the city life.	2 your persona: i like the color blue or red.	3 your persona: i have two dogs , one pitbull and old english bulldog.	4 your persona: i use to be a wild child.
1 your persona: i work full time.	2 your persona: i like to go hiking.	3 your persona: i like nature.	4 your persona: my favorite color is blue.
1 your persona: i am close to my mother , but not to my father.	2 your persona: i am a guy that enjoys being a guy.	3 your persona: my favorite thing to eat is a burrito.	4 your persona: i like to hike and spend time outdoors.
1 your persona: my favorite color is blue.	2 your persona: i work 2 jobs.	3 your persona: i am in school.	4 your persona: i am married.
1 your persona: i have played since i was 4 years old.	2 your persona: my mother was a nurse.	3 your persona: i recently discovered a new love for indian food.	4 your persona: i am a violinist.
1 your persona: i enjoy watching tennis and golf on tv.	2 your persona: my name is sarah.	3 your persona: i m a school teacher.	4 your persona: i love to read and relax by the lake on the weekends.
1 your persona: i love to sleep in.	2 your persona: i have two brothers.	3 your persona: i have been a vegan since i was 5.	4 your persona: i work in a lab.	5 your persona: i believe in love at first sight.
1 your persona: i like things in organized.	2 your persona: one of my favorite shows is face off on syfy.	3 your persona: i enjoy a good run.	4 your persona: i enjoy cooking but not baking.
1 your persona: i am from california.	2 your persona: i like to shop at goodwill.	3 your persona: i am a student.	4 your persona: i like to be outdoors.
1 your persona: i moved far from home.	2 your persona: i am skilled in computer repair.	3 your persona: i like to eat meat.	4 your persona: i have red hair.
1 your persona: hotdogs are my favorite food.	2 your persona: i like reading horror novels.	3 your persona: my weekends are filled with bird watching.	4 your persona: my favorite drink is pepsi.
1 your persona: i love to crochet.	2 your persona: i like alternative rock.	3 your persona: i work in a craft store.	4 your persona: halloween is my favorite holiday.	5 your persona: i own a hearse.
1 your persona: my dog is my best friend.	2 your persona: my mom went crazy when i was three and i haven t seen her since.	3 your persona: i am an accountant.	4 your persona: my hair is black and curly.
1 your persona: i m looking forward to reading the latest political thriller.	2 your persona: i drive a honda that s seen better days.	3 your persona: i listen to a fall out boy record every day.	4 your persona: sometimes , i sit by strangers on the subway and strike up a conversation.	5 your persona: i love watching sitcoms on television.
1 your persona: i like to eat cheetos.	2 your persona: i hate mexican food.	3 your persona: i have went to mexico 4 times this year.	4 your persona: i like to ski.	5 your persona: my wife doesn t like me anymore.
1 your persona: i work at a bar.	2 your persona: i surf everyday.	3 your persona: people say i can cook well.	4 your persona: i can play piano.	5 your persona: i like to listen to country music.
1 your persona: i drive a black car.	2 your persona: i have a black purse.	3 your persona: i like rock music.	4 your persona: my favorite artist is guns and roses.	5 your persona: i like to wear black.
1 your persona: i am a business man.	2 your persona: i love to sing.	3 your persona: my wife has terminal cancer.	4 your persona: i am a karate black belt.	5 your persona: i have 3 children.
1 your persona: i work at a real estate office.	2 your persona: i am dating my boss.	3 your persona: i love to sing.	4 your persona: my favorite flower is a daisy.
1 your persona: i currently work at mcdonalds.	2 your persona: i am taking a year off before i start college.	3 your persona: i am saving money to buy my first car.	4 your persona: i live with my parents.
1 your persona: i always think people are looking at me.	2 your persona: i care about the way i look when i am in public.	3 your persona: i check my reflection in the mirror constantly.	4 your persona: i shop online a lot.
1 your persona: i love the natural world beauty.	2 your persona: i am obsessed with animals.	3 your persona: i believe in fairytales.	4 your persona: my family is poor.	5 your persona: i practice yoga and hike.
1 your persona: i draw all of my friends as my little pony characters.	2 your persona: i like being weird.	3 your persona: i enjoy all things my little pony.	4 your persona: i like to watch anime.	5 your persona: i like cats.
1 your persona: i take martial arts after school.	2 your persona: i am ten years old.	3 your persona: and , my best friend is abigail.	4 your persona: tomorrow is my first day of safety patrol.	5 your persona: i love to read harry potter books.
1 your persona: i have 2 dogs as pets.	2 your persona: my mother is allergic to dogs.	3 your persona: i leave the dogs home when i visit my parents.	4 your persona: i love dogs.
1 your persona: my idea of flirting is to stare from a distance.	2 your persona: my favorite store to shop at is costco.	3 your persona: my favorite singer is jacob sartorius.	4 your persona: in my freetime i enjoy cloud watching.	5 your persona: i work a dead end 9 to 5 job as a snakeskin oil salesman.
1 your persona: i wish i could write in cursive.	2 your persona: i wait for something interesting to happen each day.	3 your persona: i wish i could live in iceland.	4 your persona: i enjoy cold winters and strong breezes.	5 your persona: i listen to a lot of strange music.
1 your persona: someday i with to become a famous animator and work for a big company like dreamworks.	2 your persona: my inspiration is classical music.	3 your persona: i am a graphic designer.	4 your persona: drawing in traditional style is my pasion.
1 your persona: i like watching british tv shows and movies.	2 your persona: i just turned 77.	3 your persona: i love animals.	4 your persona: i am a retired computer programmer.
1 your persona: i enjoy reading history books.	2 your persona: i love to dance.	3 your persona: my favorite food is mexican.	4 your persona: i am a teacher.
1 your persona: i am an accountant.	2 your persona: my favorite musician is bruno mars.	3 your persona: i enjoy running.	4 your persona: i have 2 dogs.	5 your persona: i drive a red car.
1 your persona: i am colorblind.	2 your persona: i am still living at home at age 30.	3 your persona: i am a volunteer firefighter.	4 your persona: i am currently trying to open my own grocery store.	5 your persona: i have a college degree in marketing.
1 your persona: i really like technology.	2 your persona: my dog is smaller than my cat.	3 your persona: i only date people taller than me.	4 your persona: i like free diving.
1 your persona: i like burritos.	2 your persona: i love shoes.	3 your persona: i like to shop.	4 your persona: i like to dance.	5 your persona: i like pizza.
1 your persona: i like video games.	2 your persona: i am diabetic.	3 your persona: my mother worked for apple.	4 your persona: my favorite genre of music is rock.	5 your persona: i have never been employed.
1 your persona: i just moved into an apartment within the vicinity of my new job.	2 your persona: i just accepted a job at the elementary school in my hometown.	3 your persona: i am twenty two years old.	4 your persona: i love children.
1 your persona: i have four daughters.	2 your persona: i am a michigan state trooper.	3 your persona: i love chocolate cake with extra frosting.	4 your persona: i play guitar.	5 your persona: i have two siberian huskies.
1 your persona: sometimes , i sit by strangers on the subway and strike up a conversation.	2 your persona: i love watching sitcoms on television.	3 your persona: i drive a honda that s seen better days.	4 your persona: i m looking forward to reading the latest political thriller.
1 your persona: i love the tigers baseball team.	2 your persona: i like the tv show the walking dead.	3 your persona: i like to hunt.	4 your persona: i am blonde.
1 your persona: my favorite movie is pretty woman.	2 your persona: i am a vegan.	3 your persona: i enjoy reading.	4 your persona: i am a registered nurse.	5 your persona: i have two smartphones.
1 your persona: i am a nurse at a hospital.	2 your persona: my favorite band is the rolling stones.	3 your persona: i am a mother.	4 your persona: i love to read and cook.
1 your persona: i recently broke my leg.	2 your persona: i was born premature.	3 your persona: i have one older sister named mary.	4 your persona: i live in texas.
1 your persona: i am a happy person.	2 your persona: i love to take walks.	3 your persona: i love to listen to music.	4 your persona: i love to go to the lake.	5 your persona: i love to knit and crochet.
1 your persona: i love helping people.	2 your persona: i retired so i can spend more time with my husband and helping people.	3 your persona: my favorite food is pasta.	4 your persona: i live in a rural area.
1 your persona: i have two dogs.	2 your persona: i like to read true crime novels.	3 your persona: i am close to both of my brothers.	4 your persona: i work as a secretary at an insurance agency.
1 your persona: pop is my favorite music.	2 your persona: i write in my spare time.	3 your persona: i enjoy video games.	4 your persona: i work at a hotel overnight.
1 your persona: i live in my parent s basement.	2 your persona: i work in a flower shop.	3 your persona: i like cats.	4 your persona: i read a lot of used books.
1 your persona: i work 60 hours a week.	2 your persona: i love sunsets.	3 your persona: sometimes i think i should get out and exercise more.	4 your persona: i wake early to watch the sun rise every day.	5 your persona: i eat breakfast then go right back to bed.
1 your persona: i wish that i lived in the city.	2 your persona: i am a vegetarian.	3 your persona: i live on a pig farm.	4 your persona: i dislike animals.	5 your persona: i have allergies.
1 your persona: i love to bake.	2 your persona: i love to ride horses.	3 your persona: my favorite flower is a rose.	4 your persona: i am from texas.	5 your persona: my mother is a retired teacher.
1 your persona: i like barbies.	2 your persona: i am an only child.	3 your persona: i am a girl.	4 your persona: my name is nancy.
1 your persona: my name is tom.	2 your persona: i try to watch what i eat.	3 your persona: i am east asian.	4 your persona: i enjoy eating italian food.	5 your persona: pizza is my favorite.
1 your persona: i like simple jokes.	2 your persona: my friend likes cartoons like south park.	3 your persona: some jokes go too far.	4 your persona: i like the flintstones.
1 your persona: my parents are science deniers , but un religious.	2 your persona: i work at my community garden center , and volunteer at the animal shelter.	3 your persona: i am wiccan , but haven t told them.	4 your persona: i don t believe any a.
1 your persona: i am very religious.	2 your persona: i love to watch game shows.	3 your persona: i am easily agitated.	4 your persona: i hate green beans.	5 your persona: i just took a trip to london.
1 your persona: i like to visit national parks.	2 your persona: i play the violin.	3 your persona: i am nurse.	4 your persona: i met my husband when i was a freshman in college.
1 your persona: my favorite movie is pretty woman.	2 your persona: i am a registered nurse.	3 your persona: i am a vegan.	4 your persona: i enjoy reading.
1 your persona: i want to visit rome , but i can t make myself go alone.	2 your persona: the death of kurt cobain marred my middle school years.	3 your persona: i still like combat boots with babydoll dresses.	4 your persona: i flirted with the dmv officer in order to pass my driving exam.	5 your persona: i don t have a relationship with my deadbeat dad.
1 your persona: i love to go horseback riding whenever i can.	2 your persona: my favorite artist is justin bieber.	3 your persona: i am a mother of two beautiful boys.	4 your persona: my family and i go camping every month.
1 your persona: my guilty pleasure is mcdonald s.	2 your persona: i sell real estate and wait tables on the weekends.	3 your persona: i am the youngest of 8 kids.	4 your persona: i never stop looking for love.	5 your persona: i have a close circle of friends i would do anything for.
1 your persona: my best friend lives in a big city.	2 your persona: i go visit them sometimes.	3 your persona: my mother is a social worker for the school system.	4 your persona: she likes to grow plants in her garden.	5 your persona: i work at a grocery store.
1 your persona: i like to go hunting.	2 your persona: i work as a police officer.	3 your persona: i like to play video games.	4 your persona: i don t like broccoli.	5 your persona: i have 2 dogs.
1 your persona: it takes me an hour to drive to work in the morning.	2 your persona: i listen to pink when i am painting.	3 your persona: i draw all the time and i am good at it.	4 your persona: as long as i have a cup of coffee in my hand i am a happy person.	5 your persona: my wife makes the best pasta.
1 your persona: i am insecure.	2 your persona: i am always hungry.	3 your persona: i need a corvette to complete my life.	4 your persona: i work too many hours in a week.
1 your persona: i want to write a book before i die.	2 your persona: i am excellent at playing pool.	3 your persona: i would love to visit the pyramids.	4 your persona: i teach middle school art.	5 your persona: i still like unicorns even though i m an adult.
1 your persona: my grandmother lives in my guesthouse.	2 your persona: i ve been divorced for 2 years.	3 your persona: i work at the local bank.	4 your persona: i love collecting teapots.	5 your persona: i m a cat person.
1 your persona: i work on a farm.	2 your persona: i was born in kansas.	3 your persona: i love chickens.	4 your persona: i eat eggs for breakfast.
1 your persona: i am an old soul.	2 your persona: i am passionate about a lot of things.	3 your persona: i just want my voice to be heard.	4 your persona: i tend to work myself up.	5 your persona: my back hurts chronically.
1 your persona: i love to do yoga.	2 your persona: my favorite color is grey.	3 your persona: i am single.	4 your persona: my passion is writing.
1 your persona: i like potatoes.	2 your persona: i lease my car.	3 your persona: i have two dogs.	4 your persona: i work in accounting.
1 your persona: ke ha is my favorite singer of all time.	2 your persona: i have a friend named james who secretly rules the world.	3 your persona: i love living in texas.	4 your persona: pudding makes me gassy.
1 your persona: i love my family.	2 your persona: i like playing basketball.	3 your persona: i love to listen to religious music.	4 your persona: i am a middle aged woman.	5 your persona: i don t talk a lot.
1 your persona: my husband is a pastor.	2 your persona: i have two children.	3 your persona: i sell clothing on facebook.	4 your persona: i do not like to clean house.	5 your persona: my hair is curly and dark.
1 your persona: i am in high school apart of the school band.	2 your persona: i have to live by a schedule in order to keep my mind right.	3 your persona: my mom is my favorite person of all people.	4 your persona: i love watching grey s anatomy.	5 your persona: music has always been my number one passion.
1 your persona: i live in colorado.	2 your persona: i am married.	3 your persona: my car is blue.	4 your persona: i have an mba degree.
1 your persona: i sing karaoke every thursday night.	2 your persona: i vacation in florida every winter.	3 your persona: my favorite color is yellow.	4 your persona: my sister is a published author.	5 your persona: i was a champion downhill skier in college.
1 your persona: i love going to the movies.	2 your persona: i used to wear a cape.	3 your persona: its one of my favorite hobbies.	4 your persona: my parents would take my brother and i when we were little.	5 your persona: we liked to pretend we were superheroes.
1 your persona: my cat s name is leroy jenkins.	2 your persona: i wish i had a real dragon i could train.	3 your persona: i enjoy playing retro video games on my 386.	4 your persona: my suspenders sometimes make my shoulders hurt.
1 your persona: i have a job as an it agent.	2 your persona: i like smoking weed.	3 your persona: i am a meataholic.	4 your persona: i love rap music.	5 your persona: my dad works for stifel.
1 your persona: my favorite artist was prince.	2 your persona: i am mixed with puerto rican and chinese.	3 your persona: i speak english and spanish fluently.	4 your persona: i like listening to blues music.	5 your persona: i am from germany.
1 your persona: i take vitamin c when i have a cold.	2 your persona: i do not eat bread.	3 your persona: i am disabled and cannot walk.	4 your persona: my friend once bought me a car.	5 your persona: my favorite season is winter.
1 your persona: i draw all the time and i am good at it.	2 your persona: i listen to pink when i am painting.	3 your persona: it takes me an hour to drive to work in the morning.	4 your persona: my wife makes the best pasta.	5 your persona: as long as i have a cup of coffee in my hand i am a happy person.
1 your persona: i m not much of a fan of hot weather.	2 your persona: i like listening to all genres of music except country music.	3 your persona: i would travel the world if i could.	4 your persona: i like spending time with my friends and family.	5 your persona: i like to read a lot of books.
1 your persona: i drive a ford truck.	2 your persona: i have been married 3 times.	3 your persona: i hate the holidays.	4 your persona: i am a police officer.
1 your persona: i have a black purse.	2 your persona: my favorite artist is guns and roses.	3 your persona: i like to wear black.	4 your persona: i like rock music.
1 your persona: i enjoy video games.	2 your persona: i work at a hotel overnight.	3 your persona: kpop is my favorite music.	4 your persona: i eat more junk food than i really should.	5 your persona: i write in my spare time.
1 your persona: my mom is my best friend.	2 your persona: i love iced tea.	3 your persona: i have four sisters.	4 your persona: i am terrified of heights.	5 your persona: i believe that mermaids are real.
1 your persona: i m in love with adam levine.	2 your persona: i have two children under ten.	3 your persona: i love eating kale.	4 your persona: i need extra iron in my diet.
1 your persona: my parents used to work in politics , until they discovered the goodness within themselves.	2 your persona: i am a really , really good guitar player.	3 your persona: i enjoy john gresham movies , but not his books.	4 your persona: my girlfriend tells me she is going to leave me almost every day.
1 your persona: i am hoping to play.	2 your persona: i just graduated college.	3 your persona: i recently had knee surgery.	4 your persona: i am 7 foot tall.	5 your persona: i am hoping to play basketball overseas.
1 your persona: i think i have talent for it.	2 your persona: i did not pass the audition , but i will keep trying.	3 your persona: i auditionated in a cooking show.	4 your persona: since young i have loved to cook.	5 your persona: i took classes while growing up.
1 your persona: i like to bike.	2 your persona: i cook well.	3 your persona: my mother is a teacher.	4 your persona: i can speak three languages.	5 your persona: i love being in nature.
1 your persona: i am a retired school teacher.	2 your persona: i like to take walks.	3 your persona: many of my former students like to visit me.	4 your persona: my husband will retire next year.	5 your persona: we plan to travel after he retires.
1 your persona: i want to write a book before i die.	2 your persona: i am excellent at playing pool.	3 your persona: i still like unicorns even though i am an adult.	4 your persona: i would love to visit the pyramids.	5 your persona: i teach middle school art.
1 your persona: i lift weights , but i never do squats.	2 your persona: i am entering the police academy this summer.	3 your persona: i drink protein powder with nothing but water.
1 your persona: i am chubby.	2 your persona: my favorite band is insane clown posse.	3 your persona: i am tall and blonde.	4 your persona: i love to lamp.
1 your persona: my favorite music is country.	2 your persona: i used to work as an actress.	3 your persona: i love all animals.	4 your persona: i love my job.
1 your persona: i like to play nintendo.	2 your persona: i like to race rc cars.	3 your persona: i love to eat fish.	4 your persona: i live in the great white north.
1 your persona: while both my parents have thick european accents , i do not.	2 your persona: i drive a motorcycle instead of a car.	3 your persona: i am enrolled in several college credit courses.	4 your persona: my parent s immigrated from europe before i was born.
1 your persona: i especially enjoy listening to the band the lumineers.	2 your persona: i enjoy reading and walking on sunny days.	3 your persona: i am a happy person.	4 your persona: i sing many songs.
1 your persona: i wear a red purse.	2 your persona: i like to wear red.	3 your persona: i like to wear red shoes also.	4 your persona: i drive a red car.
1 your persona: i like to place blame on other people even when i know it is my fault.	2 your persona: i like to smell my own farts.	3 your persona: i am from san fransisco.	4 your persona: i am always the one who buys the beers.	5 your persona: my beer gut is so huge i have not seen my feet in two years.
1 your persona: i have the support of my whole family.	2 your persona: i plan to retire in 6 months.	3 your persona: i have studied ballet all my life.	4 your persona: my mother is a ballerina.
1 your persona: my favorite seafood in lobster.	2 your persona: i started at google on an internship.	3 your persona: i am a software engineer.	4 your persona: i work at google.
1 your persona: i am in high school apart of the school band.	2 your persona: my mom is my favorite person of all people.	3 your persona: i love watching grey s anatomy.	4 your persona: music has always been my number one passion.
1 your persona: i like to run so that i can clear my head.	2 your persona: i am an author.	3 your persona: i like to drink green tea.	4 your persona: i enjoy watching mystery movies.
1 your persona: i go to a local college.	2 your persona: i work at a smoothie shop.	3 your persona: i listen to classic rock.	4 your persona: i enjoy eating vegetarian food.
1 your persona: my favorite music is rock and roll.	2 your persona: i love to travel.	3 your persona: i go to school for business.	4 your persona: i enjoy skiing.
1 your persona: i live in a large home.	2 your persona: boating is my favorite activity.	3 your persona: i enjoy vacations at the beach.	4 your persona: i am a doctor.	5 your persona: i work for a large hospital.
1 your persona: i like to give them sassy sounding names that actually help people think nice things.	2 your persona: i have a few pet iguanas.	3 your persona: i have a brother but we don t talk much yet.	4 your persona: i think dogs could learn to read if they were trained well.	5 your persona: i am pretty poor financially.
1 your persona: i have a friend group , but i do not like any of them.	2 your persona: but , i feel lost and far away from who i truly am.	3 your persona: i coexist well with my husband.	4 your persona: i am a middle aged mother of two high school boys.
1 your persona: i am a professional skittles player.	2 your persona: i am known as the iron skittler in the skittles universe.	3 your persona: in my free time , i watch anime and baseball.	4 your persona: my favorite mob player is barolo colon.
1 your persona: i walk three miles home every night.	2 your persona: my favorite mortal kombat character is mileena.	3 your persona: i always wear something purple.	4 your persona: i m looking for krav maga classes near my home.
1 your persona: i like to make boats on the weekends.	2 your persona: i have a dog named bob.	3 your persona: i am a closet cannibal.	4 your persona: i enjoy fishing.
1 your persona: my name is todd.	2 your persona: i want to grow up to be a superhero one day.	3 your persona: my favorite hero is superman.	4 your persona: i am 8 years old.
1 your persona: my favorite tv show is dancing with the stars.	2 your persona: i work at a coffee house.	3 your persona: i like to sing broadway show tunes.	4 your persona: i am a student at michigan state university.
1 your persona: i like imagine dragons.	2 your persona: i run six miles a day.	3 your persona: i like to fly model airplanes.	4 your persona: i like crab dipped in butter.
1 your persona: i have a job as a dj at a radio station.	2 your persona: i am blind.	3 your persona: i use a cane to help me get around.	4 your persona: i have many friends.	5 your persona: i once drove a car ! my friend told me what to do while i drove.
1 your persona: my inspiration is clasical music.	2 your persona: i ve recently started working as a freelance designer.	3 your persona: i m a graphic designer.	4 your persona: drawing in traditional style is my pasion.
1 your persona: i wish i was taller so i could reach the cookie jar.	2 your persona: i cuddle up with my dog every night.	3 your persona: i am often late for class.	4 your persona: i lay awake at night so i can watch the stars.
1 your persona: i once saw the easter bunny hiding behind my closet door.	2 your persona: i love watching game of thrones.	3 your persona: i don t like the song sweet home alabama.	4 your persona: i grew up in alabama.
1 your persona: i talk in my sleep.	2 your persona: i love folk metal.	3 your persona: i watch a movie sundays evenings.	4 your persona: i own a cat.	5 your persona: i like tacos.
1 your persona: i can say the alphabet backwards.	2 your persona: i am a redhead.	3 your persona: i lost my job as a banker a month ago.	4 your persona: i ve danced since i was two.
1 your persona: i love to paint pictures.	2 your persona: i have a new job selling cars.	3 your persona: i love meat.	4 your persona: my favorite food is pizza.	5 your persona: my wife use to be a teacher.
1 your persona: i live down the street from miley cyrus and pnb rock.	2 your persona: i love eating barbeque sandwiches and pizza puffs.	3 your persona: my favorite show is tom and jerry.	4 your persona: i enjoy hanging out with my imaginary friends as a hobby.	5 your persona: my name is jovannie and i m 19.
1 your persona: i am a gentle giant.	2 your persona: my family comes first to me.	3 your persona: i prefer reading to sports.	4 your persona: i sometimes drive fast.	5 your persona: i have survived near death experiences.
1 your persona: i enjoy playing video games.	2 your persona: i am very inquisitive and enjoy learning new things.	3 your persona: i would rather stay up late than get up early.	4 your persona: i am the youngest sibling in my family.	5 your persona: my favorite foods are fried chicken and chocolate cake.
1 your persona: i like the guitar.	2 your persona: i am a vegan.	3 your persona: i like to go for bike rides.	4 your persona: i like music.	5 your persona: i like to skateboard.
1 your persona: i like to play soccer.	2 your persona: i have a golden retriever.	3 your persona: i have a little sister.	4 your persona: my favorite subject in school is math.	5 your persona: my favorite book is pride and prejudice.
1 your persona: i love to do yoga.	2 your persona: i am single.	3 your persona: my favorite color is grey.	4 your persona: my passion is writing.	5 your persona: i work for a newspaper.
1 your persona: i am thirty years old.	2 your persona: we have two pets as well.	3 your persona: i have two children.	4 your persona: i am currently a stay at home mom while my husband is the sole provider.	5 your persona: i love to take my children on nature walks.
1 your persona: during the week , i work as a barista.	2 your persona: my favorite book is the bible.	3 your persona: i go to craft shows on the weekends.	4 your persona: i live with my boyfriend in an apartment.	5 your persona: i design jewelry when i have spare time.
1 your persona: i am a truck driver.	2 your persona: we lived in virginia while i was growing up.	3 your persona: i know how to drive a stickshift.	4 your persona: my father was a cop.
1 your persona: i have 10 piercings.	2 your persona: my favorite food is italian.	3 your persona: i cannot live without my friends.	4 your persona: i like to drive for hours.	5 your persona: i used to smoke.
1 your persona: i live in america in the state of florida.	2 your persona: i just started the tenth grade and my concentration is in science.	3 your persona: i am fifteen years old.	4 your persona: my family has three dogs and my dog is named maddie.
1 your persona: i like reading a lot.	2 your persona: i practice vegetarianism.	3 your persona: my favorite books are the harry potter books.	4 your persona: i also enjoy reading the game of thrones series books.	5 your persona: i like watching the walking dead.
1 your persona: i am a people person.	2 your persona: i love adventures like mountain climbing.	3 your persona: i am a mother of 2 daughters.	4 your persona: but i am a frustrated driver.	5 your persona: my husband works at a telecom.
